---
title: Founding Threat Research Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/founding-threat-research-engineer-at-palosade-3526828758?position=37&pageNum=0&refId=TbmlGnXPnGhBuzFITnrUHg%3D%3D&trackingId=aSLwiZ1EO5z7eHmLHdGmcw%3D%3D
company: Palosade
location: Pune, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-21
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>At Palosade, we are passionate about cybersecurity and AI. We believe that we are at the cusp of a massive technology shift which will leveraged by good and evil. In the upcoming evolution of cybercrime, mid enterprises will be left behind - they have the problem, but don’t have the resources to solve the problem. We want to be a the forefront at providing AI first tools to mid enterprises to scale, fight cybercrime, protect and grow their businesses.</p><p><br/></p><p>The ideal candidate is a self-motivated and demonstrated team-player. You will be a lead engineer responsible for the development of our threat research program. You should excel in working with large-scale applications and frameworks and have outstanding communication and leadership skills.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Threat Monitoring and Analysis:</strong> Continuously monitor security alerts to identify and promptly address any potential threats</li><li><strong>Threat Database Management:</strong> Maintain and update the threats database to ensure accurate and up-to-date threat intelligence</li><li><strong>Collaboration with AI Team:</strong> Partner with AI engineers to provide critical feedback, contributing to the ongoing enhancement of our AI-driven security tools</li><li><strong>Incident Management:</strong> Take the lead or support the response to security incidents, ensuring quick and effective resolutions</li><li><strong>Cybersecurity Research:</strong> Keep abreast of the latest developments in cybersecurity, including new threats, vulnerabilities, and industry trends</li><li><strong>Detailed Reporting:</strong> Compile comprehensive reports on security incidents, emerging trends, and actionable recommendations, tailored for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li><li>Work in a dynamic, iterative work environment where innovation and feedback are key to success.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><ul><li>10+ years of work experience in security research and operations</li><li>5+ years of experience with NIST/PCI/ISO or equivalent</li><li>5+ years of experience with Python/Java/Ruby/Node.js or equivalent</li><li>Working understanding of public clouds like AWS, Google Cloud or Azure</li><li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>What we offer</strong></p><ul><li>Competitive compensation package with a strong equity component</li><li>Ongoing opportunities for learning and professional development</li><li>Flexible working arrangements</li><li>Collaborative, inclusive, and supportive work culture</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>