---
title: VAPT || Associate Consultant || Bangalore
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vapt-associate-consultant-bangalore-at-kpmg-india-3684850206?position=8&pageNum=5&refId=GfT1YmPtI1K3NxEYA9nFLg%3D%3D&trackingId=YkYaWhjYTO0UOGMQZ1hwIA%3D%3D
company: KPMG India
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2023-07-31
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>About KPMG in India<br/><br/>KPMG entities in India are professional services firm(s). These Indian member firms are affiliated with KPMG International Limited. KPMG was established in India in August 1993. Our professionals leverage the global network of firms, and are conversant with local laws, regulations, markets and competition. KPMG has offices across India in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chandigarh, Chennai, Gurugram, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kochi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Noida, Pune, Vadodara and Vijayawada.<br/><br/>KPMG entities in India offer services to national and international clients in India across sectors. We strive to provide rapid, performance-based, industry-focused and technology-enabled services, which reflect a shared knowledge of global and local industries and our experience of the Indian business environment.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Strong understanding of IT security standards and frameworks (OWASP, NIST, CIS)</li><li>Strong understanding of security risks in networks and application platforms</li><li>Strong understanding of network security, infrastructure security and application security</li><li>Strong understanding of OSI, TCP/IP model and network basics</li><li>Demonstrate technical penetration testing skills on IT infrastructure, web applications, mobile platforms and Red teaming</li><li>Strong technical skills: Information security, network security, Windows security, UNIX/Linux security, web and mobile application security, Cloud platforms</li><li>Broad knowledge of security technologies for applications, databases, networks, servers, and desktops </li><li>Solid technical skills in both information security architecture and penetration testing and ability to assess testing tools and deploy the right ones.</li><li>Scripting and programming experience is beneficial</li><li>Ability to perform manual penetration testing</li><li>Experience in Application Security Testing (Web, Mobile &amp; ERP [SAP]), or related functions Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration testing</li><li>Perform penetration testing of various thick client software, web applications, and communications infrastructure to assist in hardening the cybersecurity posture against malicious actors</li><li>Conduct security research on the latest emerging advanced persistent threats (APTs), malware, and other security developments to assist in enterprise security efforts. Apply this security research into assessments.</li><li>Perform technical writing to communicate the preparation, testing, and recommendation phases for various security tests. Work with stakeholders to remediate system vulnerabilities.</li><li>Train team members and colleagues on the latest cybersecurity tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) to grow the skill of the firm</li><li>Understanding of various security technologies including end point security, perimeter security, advanced threat protection, malware defense and security management</li><li>Expertise in the phases of penetration testing. Familiarity with Kali Linux distribution and the associated penetration testing tools suite. Experience in penetration testing simulations like Hack the Box or Capture the Flag exercises considered a plus.</li><li>Good Understanding of OWASP top 10 and mitigation techniques</li><li>Experience in performing web application security assessments using hands on techniques for identifying SQL injections, XSS, Security Misconfiguration, CSRF, authentication/ authorization issues</li><li>Database testing: MySQL, Oracle, NoSQL </li><li>Understanding of cyber security management, cyber analytics, security intelligence platforms and threat intelligence frameworks</li><li>Writing business proposals and response to client RFP/ RFIs</li><li>Identifying business opportunities and lead delivery and program management for large cyber security programs</li><li>Delivery team and client relationship management</li><li>Experience on both commercial, open source tools and frameworks but not limited: Burpsuite, Metasploit, Core-Impact, Kali-Linux, AppScan, WebInspect, SSLScan, Soap UI Pro, SonarQube, Qualys, Nikto, Nessus, nmap, sqlmap, OWASP ZAP<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Cyber security assessments</li><li>Red Teaming</li><li>Security architecture design</li><li>Infrastructure and application security assessments</li><li>Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing </li><li>Security reviews of traditional IT and non-IT network environments including Telecom and OT networks</li><li>ICS Security</li><li>IOT Security</li><li>API Security Testing<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Equal employment opportunity information<br/><br/>KPMG India has a policy of providing equal opportunity for all applicants and employees regardless of their color, caste, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or other legally protected status. KPMG India values diversity and we request you to submit the details below to support us in our endeavor for diversity. Providing the below information is voluntary and refusal to submit such information will not be prejudicial to you.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>