---
title: Security Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-at-zamp-3756641991?position=34&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=70IwSoydHbBfEJ6ZBnPm7A%3D%3D
company: Zamp
location: Bangalore Urban district, India
posted_date: 2023-11-10
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          About Zamp: We’re on a mission to change the way the world does finance. The Problem We Are Addressing: Today, finance teams worldwide grapple with challenges of fragmentation, lack of real-time data, and manual repetitive processes. These processes are labor-intensive and time-consuming, often preventing focus on more strategic areas that could drive growth and innovation. Fragmentation stems across multiple financial partners for banking, payments, credit, and investments - and this multiplies by country for global organizations. In addition, it is not uncommon for a mid-market enterprise company to have 25+ point SaaS vendors for various finance processes (e.g. A/P, A/R, Tax, Treasury), most of which don’t integrate with each other. The need to navigate disparate systems, reconcile data from multiple sources, and manage routine tasks manually not only increases the risk of errors but also limits the teams’ ability to provide timely and insightful financial analysis. The Future of Finance: We strongly believe there’s a different way. A different way for finance teams to operate. A different way for software to be built. A different way for the world to work. We are building for a world where we enable companies to run finance on auto-pilot and scale fearlessly! We are building a financial platform for the future - one where: - Connectivity to banks, partners, and systems is in real-time. - New workflows can be built on the fly through AI, dynamically customized to each user and use case - replacing the need for fragmented, vertical SaaS solutions. - AI insights are at scale and in real-time, better than BI teams’ capability today. - AI agent bots replace all manual and repetitive work. This will make finance global, real-time, and intelligent. It will free up time and resources, and enable more informed decision-making. It will be magical - and bring back calm and joy to finance teams worldwide. Join us on this mission to change the way the world does finance! About the Founder: Amit Jain, our founder, is an IIT Delhi and Stanford graduate with over 20 years of industry experience. He has held significant roles such as Managing Director at Sequoia Capital and Head of Asia Pacific at Uber. Amit's vision and leadership are steering Zamp towards a revolutionary future in finance. About Our Investors: Zamp raised :$22Mn in our seed funding round from notable investors including Sequoia Capital, Dara Khosrowshahi (CEO, Uber), Tony Xu (CEO, DoorDash), Marcelo Claure (ex-CEO, SoftBank International), and other prominent angel investors. Their support and belief in our vision underscore our potential to transform the financial technology landscape. Zamp is currently in the early stages of its development, providing engineers with a unique opportunity to build a new infrastructure platform from scratch. The company values first principles thinking, long-term vision, and short-term delivery. As an engineer, you will be instrumental in shaping the vision for the infrastructure platform and ensuring its scalability as the business grows. By partnering with businesses and leveraging your engineering expertise, you will contribute to Zamp’s mission of enabling success and growth. You are likely to succeed in this role if you bring experiences in:<br/><br/><ul><li>Conducting risk assessments: Identify and assess potential security risks to our systems, networks, and data. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop risk mitigation strategies and ensure proper controls are in place</li><li>Monitoring and analysing security events: Monitor security logs and alerts from various security tools, including intrusion detection/prevention systems, and antivirus software. Investigate and respond to security incidents in a timely manner</li><li>Implementing security controls: Review, prioritise, and implement security controls, policies, and procedures. Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices</li><li>Performing vulnerability assessments: Conduct regular vulnerability assessments and penetration tests to identify weaknesses in our systems and applications. Provide recommendations for remediation and assist in implementing necessary patches and fixes</li><li>Security awareness and training: Develop and deliver security awareness programs and training sessions to educate employees on security best practices, policies, and procedures. Foster a culture of security awareness and compliance throughout the organisation</li><li>Incident response and management: Participate in incident response activities, including containment, eradication, and recovery. Document and report security incidents, conduct root cause analysis, and recommend preventive measures</li><li>Security documentation and reporting: Prepare and maintain security documentation, including policies, procedures, and standards. Generate reports and metrics for management, highlighting security gaps, vulnerabilities, and areas for improvement<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>What we are actively looking for:<br/><br/><ul><li>4-8 years relevant experience </li><li>Prior experience in Information Security</li><li>Solid understanding of information security principles, standards, and best practices</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to assess and prioritise security risks</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate with various stakeholders</li><li>Ability to work independently and as part of a team, handling multiple tasks simultaneously</li><li>Knowledge of network protocols, operating systems, and cloud computing platforms is a plus<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Our Culture and Benefits: Join us at Zamp, where ideas lead, communication flows openly, and builders are empowered. We're transparent and believe in meritocracy. Be part of our early team, working closely with the founders, and unleash your creativity. We work hard, hustle, and aim to deliver exceptional products and experiences. Perks: - Competitive salaries and stock options with substantial potential upside. - Collaborate with top talent. - Diverse and inclusive workspace. - Comprehensive medical insurance for employees, spouses, and children. - A culture celebrating every victory. - Continuous learning and skill development opportunities. - Enjoy good food, games, and a comfortable office environment.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>