---
title: Senior Threat Intelligence Researcher
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-threat-intelligence-researcher-at-cloudsek-3964676353?position=27&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=Id1xtDzP95nyyFiPoSurxw%3D%3D
company: CloudSEK
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-07-02
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>WHO ARE WE?<br/><br/></strong>We are a bunch of super enthusiastic, passionate, and highly driven people, working to achieve a common goal! We believe that work and the workplace should be joyful and always buzzing with energy!<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK</strong><strong>,</strong> one of India's most trusted Cyber security product companies, is on a mission to build the world's fastest and most reliable AI technology that identifies and resolves digital threats in real-time. The central proposition is leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a quick and reliable analysis and alert system that provides rapid detection across multiple internet sources, precise threat analysis, and prompt resolution with minimal human intervention.<br/><br/>Founded in 2015, headquartered at Singapore, we are proud to say that we've grown at a frenetic pace and have been able to achieve some accolades along the way, including:<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK's Product Suite:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>CloudSEK XVigil constantly maps a customer's digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.</li><li>A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers' attack surfaces. CloudSEK's BeVigil uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.</li><li>CloudSEK's Contextual AI SVigil identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Key Milestones:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>2016: Launched our first product.</li><li>2018: Secured Pre-series A funding.</li><li>2019: Expanded operations to India, Southeast Asia, and the Americas.</li><li>2020: Won the NASSCOM-DSCI Excellence Award for Security Product Company of the Year.</li><li>2021: Raised $7M in Series A funding led by MassMutual Ventures, with total investment in to $10M</li><li>Awards &amp; Recognition: Won NetApp Excellerator's "Best Growth Strategy Award," CloudSEK XVigil joined NVIDIA Inception Program, and won the NASSCOM Emerge 50 Cybersecurity Award.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>CloudSEK's Product Suite:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>CloudSEK XVigil constantly maps a customer's digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.</li><li>A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers' attack surfaces. CloudSEK's BVigil uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.</li><li>CloudSEK's Contextual AI SVigil identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Location: Bangalore - (4 Days work from office and 1 day work from home)<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Alert Triage and Research:</li><li>Conduct in-depth research and triage on alerts generated by the XVigil DRP platform, covering various threat vectors such as phishing campaigns, credential harvesting, credential leakage, and code leakage.</li><li>Monitor and track Threat Actor groups on multiple forums, staying informed about their tactics, techniques, and procedures.</li><li>Perform Social Media monitoring to identify potential threats and vulnerabilities.<br/><br/></li></ul>2 SOP Development:<br/><br/><ul><li>Create and refine Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for research and triage activities, ensuring a systematic and efficient approach to handling security alerts.<br/><br/></li></ul>3 Product Support:<br/><br/><ul><li>Actively support the product by adding and analyzing new sources of threat intelligence to enhance the capabilities of the XVigil platform.</li><li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, particularly with the Product and Data Acquisition teams, to proactively identify and address issues in data pipelines, ensuring smooth operations.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skills Required:<br/><br/></strong>1 Application Testing:<br/><br/><ul><li>Demonstrated experience in application testing through Bug Bounty programs, Capture The Flag (CTF) challenges, or similar activities.<br/><br/></li></ul>2 Cyber Threat Intelligence:<br/><br/><ul><li>Minimum 2 years of hands-on experience in Cyber Threat Intelligence, with a strong understanding of current threat landscape trends.<br/><br/></li></ul>3 Scripting Skills:<br/><br/><ul><li>Proficient scripting skills in at least one of the preferred languages: GO, Python, Ruby, or Perl, for automation and analysis purposes.<br/><br/></li></ul>4 OSINT and Data Gathering:<br/><br/><ul><li>In-depth knowledge and practical experience with Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) and data-gathering techniques.<br/><br/></li></ul>5 Cybersecurity Fundamentals:<br/><br/><ul><li>Solid understanding of basic cybersecurity and computing concepts, with the ability to apply this knowledge in the context of threat research and analysis.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits of Joining CloudSEK<br/><br/></strong>We provide an environment where you can develop and enhance your skills while delivering meaningful work that matters. You'll be rewarded a competitive salary as well as a full spectrum of generous perks and incentives which include:<br/><br/><ul><li>Flexible working hours.</li><li>Food, unlimited snacks and drinks are all available while at office.<br/><br/></li></ul>And, the finest part is yet to come! Every now and then we ensure to unwind and have a good time together, which involves games, fun, and soulful music. Feel free to show off your artistic side here!
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>