---
title: Cyber Security Analyst II - IAM [T500-12742]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-ii-iam-t500-12742-at-fedex-acc-3968102460?position=37&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=CD4dIca47NiIbAwnCGTMTg%3D%3D
company: FedEx ACC
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>About FedEx:</strong></p><p>Located in Hyderabad, India, FedEx ACC India serves as a strategic technology division for FedEx that will focus on developing innovative solutions for our customers and team members across the globe. These solutions will enhance productivity, minimize expenses, and update our technology infrastructure to continue providing the outstanding experiences our customers expect.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>The roles and responsibilities have been described as follows:</strong></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Implements technologies deployed across application, network/perimeter, data, endpoint, identity &amp; access, and mobility domains.</li><li>Research attempted or successful efforts to compromise systems security and design countermeasures.</li><li>Understanding and some experience of modern application development</li><li>Coordinates with IT and end users to minimize disruptions and protect assets.</li><li>Provides information to management regarding the negative impact on the business caused by theft, destruction, alteration, or denial of access to information and systems.</li><li>Perform other duties as assigned.</li><li>Identify and assess security risks and vulnerabilities within cloud infrastructures (AWS, Azure).</li><li>Implement and manage identity &amp; access management (IAM) solutions to control access to critical systems and data.</li><li>Utilize AI and data science techniques to analyze security data, detect anomalies, and predict potential threats.</li><li>Develop, implement, and enforce security policies, procedures, and best practices to protect cloud-based applications and data.</li><li>Monitor and respond to security incidents, conducting thorough investigations and implementing remediation measures.</li><li>Stay updated with the latest cybersecurity threats, trends, and technologies to continuously improve security practices.</li><li>Perform other duties as assigned.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Skills and Qualifications:</strong> <strong>Must-Have Skills:</strong></p><ol><li>Strong expertise in cybersecurity practices and principles.</li><li>Proficiency in cloud security for AWS and/or Azure environments.</li><li>Experience with identity &amp; access management (IAM) solutions.</li><li>Knowledge of AI and data science techniques for security analysis.</li><li>Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.</li><li>Strong negotiation skills to influence security decisions and policies.</li><li>Project management skills to oversee security projects and initiatives.</li><li>Effective presentation skills to communicate security-related information to various stakeholders.</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><strong>Nice-to-Have Skills:</strong></p><ol><li>Security certifications such as CISSP, CISM, CEH, or similar.</li><li>Experience with security tools and technologies for threat detection and response.</li><li>Knowledge of regulatory requirements and compliance standards related to cybersecurity.</li><li>Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and lead security-focused projects.</li><li>Familiarity with DevSecOps practices and integrating security into development workflows.</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><strong>Minimum Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or information systems and/or equivalent formal training or work experience.</li><li>3+ years’ experience in a minimum of two(2) of the following areas: Business continuity and disaster recovery, network forensics, security, and risk frameworks, endpoint security, information systems auditing, vendor risk assessment, cyber risk assessment, network intrusion detection/prevention, identity and access management, IT lifecycle management.</li><li>Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities</li><li>Strong technical, consulting, and project management skills.</li><li>Ability to communicate technical subject matter effectively to multiple organizational layers.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>