---
title: Threat Researcher - Web Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-researcher-web-security-at-arkose-labs-3984815290?position=25&pageNum=0&refId=R2LlmoX6s73oWz9K3Iu2QA%3D%3D&trackingId=YJLanR%2FW7iulmpToQr655Q%3D%3D
company: Arkose Labs
location: Pune, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-22
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          The mission of Arkose Labs is to create an online environment where all consumers are protected from online spam and abuse. Recognized by G2 as the 2023 Leader in Bot Detection and Mitigation, with the highest score in customer satisfaction and largest market presence four quarters running, Arkose Labs offers the world's first $1M warranties for credential stuffing and SMS toll fraud. With 20% of our customers being Fortune 500 companies, our AI-powered platform combines powerful risk assessments with dynamic threat response to undermine the strategy of attack, all while improving good user throughput. Headquartered in San Mateo, CA, with employees in London, Costa Rica, Australia, India, and Argentina. Arkose Labs protects enterprises from cybercrime and abuse.<br/><br/><strong>Job Summary<br/><br/></strong>As a Threat Researcher, you will work cross functionally with product teams, engineering teams, and SOC analysts to identify, research, and provide actionable recommendations to new and emerging threats on our platform.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Conduct in-depth threat intelligence assessments to identify potential threats, vulnerabilities, and risks.</li><li>Research commercial and open source threat actor tools and provide actionable recommendations</li><li>Utilize SQL to query and extract data relevant to security threats on our platform</li><li>Develop and maintain basic dashboards for real-time threat monitoring and reporting.</li><li>Write simple automated scripts to streamline threat detection analysis.</li><li>Collaborate with SOC analysts, Product, and Engineering teams to implement detections and mitigations in production</li><li>Stay up to date with the latest security trends, tools, and practices.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Must Have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>3+ years of experience in web security, web attack and threat intelligence.</li><li>Prior experience collaborating with Security teams and/or detection engineering teams</li><li>Proficiency in javascript and understanding of browser technology</li><li>Proficiency with SQL and experience in developing dashboards for monitoring security data.</li><li>Ability to script in common languages (e.g. Python, Bash) for automating repetitive tasks</li><li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Strong communication skills, with the ability to present complex information clearly and concisely.</li><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Nice To Have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Advanced technical proficiency (ability to reverse engineer tools)</li><li>Deep understanding of networking and tools such as Shodan and Censys</li><li>Contributions to the wider security community (blogs, tech talks, open source projects)</li><li>Experience recognizing and discovering phishing campaigns<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Why Arkose Labs?<br/><br/></strong>At Arkose Labs, our technology-driven approach enables us to make a substantial impact in the industry, supported by a robust customer base consisting of global enterprise giants such as Microsoft, Roblox, OpenAI, and more. We’re not just a company; we’re a collaborative ecosystem where you will actively partner with these influential brands, tackling the most demanding technical challenges to safeguard hundreds of millions of users across the globe.<br/><br/>Why do top tech professionals choose Arkose Labs?<br/><br/><ul><li>Cutting-Edge Technology: Our high-efficacy solutions, backed by solid warranties, attract leading, global enterprise clients.</li><li>Innovation and Excellence: We foster a culture that emphasizes technological innovation and the pursuit of excellence, ensuring a balanced and thriving work environment.</li><li>Experienced Leadership: Guided by seasoned executives with deep tech expertise and a history of successful growth and equity events.</li><li>Ideal Size: We’re structured to be agile and adaptable, large enough to provide stability, yet small enough to value your voice and ideas.<br/><br/></li></ul>Join us in shaping the future of technology. At Arkose Labs, you’re not just an employee; you’re part of a visionary team driving global change<br/><br/>The most recognizable brands in the world select Arkose Labs, including OpenAI, Roblox, Microsoft, Adobe, Expedia, Snapchat, Zilch, and ZipAir.<br/><br/>We value your unique contributions, perspectives, and experiences. Be part of a diverse and high-performing environment that prioritizes collaboration, excellence, and inclusion. We hire the best, focus on their professional development, and offer support for continuing education.<br/><br/><strong>We Value<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>People: first and foremost they are our most valuable resource. Our people are independent thinkers who make data driven decisions and take ownership and accountability in all the things they do.</li><li>Team Work. We demonstrate respect, trust, integrity, and communicate openly with a positive can do attitude and constructively challenge one another</li><li>Customer Focus. We empathize with our customers and obsess about solving their problems</li><li>Execution with precision, professionalism and urgency</li><li>Security. It’s the lens through which we implement our processes, procedures, and programs<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Competitive salary + Equity</li><li>Beautiful office space with many perks </li><li>Robust benefits package</li><li>Provident Fund</li><li>Accident Insurance</li><li>Flexible working hours and work from home days to support personal well-being and mental health<br/><br/></li></ul>Arkose Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer that makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, military or veteran status, citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. In addition, Arkose Labs will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.<br/><br/>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>