---
title: Risk Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/risk-analyst-at-experian-4009766836?position=34&pageNum=0&refId=gyOlaF9%2FJnTE0BcftTJH5g%3D%3D&trackingId=frA7ka3W5o0HbrA8A%2BBtSw%3D%3D
company: Experian
location: Mumbai Metropolitan Region
posted_date: 2024-09-19
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Company Description<br/><br/></strong>Experian is the world's leading global information services company. We are listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and are a member of the FTSE 100 Index. We're passionate about unlocking the power of data to transform lives and create opportunities for consumers, businesses and society. For more than 125 years, we've helped businesses grow, consumers and small businesses gain access to financial services, and economies and communities flourish – and we're not done.<br/><br/>Our 18k amazing employees in 40+ countries believe the possibilities for you, and the world, are growing. We're investing in the future, through new technologies, experienced people and progress so we can help create a better tomorrow.<br/><br/>To do this we employ the greatest and brightest minds that share our purpose and want to make a difference. Experian Asia Pacific's culture, people and environments are main differentiators. We focus on what matters; diversity and inclusion, work/life balance, flexible working, development, equity, engagement, collaboration, wellness, reward &amp; recognition, volunteering... the list goes on. We're committed to encouraging a sense of belonging and a place where you can bring your true self to work.<br/><br/>Our uniqueness is that we value yours. We're an award-winning organisation due to our people first focus. This includes Top Employer™ and Great Place To Work™ accreditations.<br/><br/><strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>An exciting opportunity to build IT Risk Reviews at Experian. Your responsibilities include performing reviews that provide an independent and objective evaluation of risk within the business, technology, information security under the guidance of Risk Head. Managing daily risk related activities such as Risk &amp; Control Self-Assessment (RCSA), DR reviews following approved plan, Product and Process note review, risk events review, training, partner management, report writing, open issue management, preparing deliverables for governance meetings and regulators<br/><br/><strong>What You Will Do<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Planning, designing and implementation of RCSA review plans including obtaining background information on the reviewed, research the best practices, performing a risk and control assessment, defining RCSA scope, goals and develop work programme</li><li>Manage and execution of RCSA field work, including documenting work papers, advising management of gaps identified and track applicable. Ensure completion of assigned reviews and documentation of work papers.</li><li>Review new product programs, system developments, process, vendor engagements from system security perspective</li><li>Perform periodic testing to identify gaps or issues or non-adherence to security and RBI guidelines</li><li>Track status of issues reported/ identified and help keep relevant processes bench marked to Best Practices</li><li>Provide improvement/ suggestions to existing process / systems to line management</li><li>Evaluate adequacy and effectiveness of IT general controls and IT application controls.</li><li>Have in-depth understanding of the processes, analysing prevailing practice in the industry, determining gaps, highlighting risks.</li><li>Handle Special Assignments following Management direction &amp; Investigations.</li><li>Independently conduct RCSAs and responsible to participate in audits of various Businesses with particular emphasis on IT reviews<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>5 - 10 Years of related experience in Information Security / IT Risk/ IT Audit or relevant profile</li><li>CISA, CISM, CISSP or equivalent certification with masters/ graduation degree preferably in computer science or information technology.</li><li>Experience required in review of IT infrastructure, application development life cycle, cyber security, cloud infrastructure and applications, web security, end point protections. Exposure to RBI Cyber Security Framework</li><li>Knowledge of IT governance and security standards such as NIST, ISO27001, COBIT, PCIDSS and equivalent.</li><li>Knowledge/ understanding of banking products and practices, operations, regulatory, industry, banking competition, and potential risk area..</li><li>Ability to interpret quantitative and qualitative data, formulate sound conclusions, and make consultative recommendations<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Additional Information<br/><br/></strong><strong>Additional Information<br/><br/></strong>Experian is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Our goal is to create a successful, inclusive and diverse team where people love their work and love working together. We believe that diversity, equity and inclusion is important to our purpose of creating a better tomorrow. We value the uniqueness of you and want you to bring your whole, authentic self to work. For us, this is The Power of YOU and it reflects what we believe. See our DEI work in action! Experian's culture, people and environments are main differentiators. We focus on what matters; diversity and inclusion, work/life balance, development, innovation, collaboration, wellness, reward &amp; recognition, volunteering... That's why we're an award-winning organisation for our people-first practices, something we're very proud of.<br/><br/><ul><li>Role Location: Mumbai (  - Hybrid)</li><li>Experian is an equal opportunities employer.</li><li>This role is an Individual Contributor Role.<br/><br/></li></ul>4 Pls find the given link to apply this Job https://smrtr.io/mVPyP<br/><br/>Experian Careers - Creating a better tomorrow together<br/><br/>Find out what its like to work for Experian by clicking here
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>