---
title: Security Architect, Google Cloud
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-architect-google-cloud-at-google-4011999035?position=50&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=h7baYMSzW7s%2BrQccy8hscA%3D%3D
company: Google
location: Pune, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-12
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: <strong>Gurugram, Haryana, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Hyderabad, Telangana, India; Pune, Maharashtra, India</strong>.<strong>Minimum qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.</li><li>4 years of experience automating infrastructure provisioning, DevOps, continuous integration, or delivery.</li><li>Experience in information security or IT risk management with a focus on security, performance and reliability.</li><li>Experience implementing multi-factor authentication, single sign-on, identity management or related technologies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Security related certifications (e.g. CISSP, CISM, GCIH).</li><li>5 years of experience with cloud computing concepts and how security controls are applied to those cloud-based technologies.</li><li>Knowledge of infrastructure, operating system and application vulnerabilities, security architecture, and controls.</li><li>Understanding of the cyber threat landscape.</li><li>Understanding of security protocols, cryptography, authentication, authorisation and security.</li><li>Ability to interface (verbal and written) with clients in a concise manner while managing expectations at both executive and technical levels.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Job<br/><br/></strong>The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are developed for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.<br/><br/>Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Lead execution of consulting engagements and development of deliverables from start to finish, leading teams in analyzing requirements and working closely with other team members to produce prioritized results aligned to client needs and risk profile.</li><li>Provide guidance on building or transforming cyber security programs and the implementation of technologies used for enterprise security. </li><li>Provide expert advice on best practices for managing the cyber security risks during digital transformation as organizations adopt cloud, devops, and new architecture frameworks such as containerization, microservices and zero trust.</li><li>Conduct security reviews and maturity assessments across technology and business teams to address cyber risk and provide clear, and organized risk findings and recommendations to clients.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>