---
title: Cybersecurity Analyst [T500-13761]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cybersecurity-analyst-t500-13761-at-talent500-4011438130?position=5&pageNum=10&refId=17iCfK%2BZfvzBLfF0b8ErXA%3D%3D&trackingId=ykeFp7ruEeqgshH8fkBImg%3D%3D
company: Talent500
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p><br/></p><p>The <strong>Cyber Security Analyst</strong> will be responsible for supporting the design, implementation, and management of micro-segmentation strategies within our enterprise network, utilizing the Illumio platform. This role involves collaboration with various IT and business teams to enhance our security posture by effectively segmenting our network to prevent lateral movement and reduce attack surfaces.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><strong>Support Design and Implementation:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist in designing and implementing micro-segmentation policies using the Illumio platform.</li><li>Contribute to developing segmentation strategies tailored to the enterprise's network architecture and security requirements.</li><li>Ensure seamless integration of micro-segmentation with existing security measures and infrastructure.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Policy Management and Enforcement:</strong></p><ul><li>Support the creation, management, and enforcement of security policies within the Illumio platform.</li><li>Monitor and adjust policies to adapt to changing threats and business needs.</li><li>Participate in regular reviews and updates to ensure policies remain effective and compliant with industry standards.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Collaboration and Communication:</strong></p><ul><li>Work with IT, DevOps, and business units to understand application dependencies and data flows.</li><li>Provide support and guidance to cross-functional teams on micro-segmentation best practices.</li><li>Assist in preparing and delivering reports, presentations, and documentation to stakeholders on micro-segmentation efforts and outcomes.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Threat Analysis and Incident Response:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist in conducting threat analysis and risk assessments to identify potential vulnerabilities within segmented environments.</li><li>Support incident response efforts by leveraging Illumio’s capabilities to contain and mitigate security incidents.</li><li>Participate in post-incident reviews to improve segmentation strategies and response plans.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong></p><ul><li>Stay current with the latest trends and advancements in micro-segmentation and network security.</li><li>Identify opportunities to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of micro-segmentation processes.</li><li>Participate in training and knowledge-sharing sessions to upskill team members and stakeholders on the Illumio platform and micro-segmentation practices.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><p><strong>Education and Experience:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, or a related field.</li><li>Minimum of 3 years of experience in network security, with at least 1 year focused on micro-segmentation.</li><li>Proven expertise with the Illumio Adaptive Security Platform, including design, implementation, and policy management.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Technical Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Understanding of network architecture, protocols, and segmentation principles.</li><li>Proficiency in security policy creation and management using the Illumio platform.</li><li>Experience with threat modeling, risk assessment, and incident response.</li><li>Experience or certification in technology from Checkpoint (R80 or higher certification) is a plus. </li><li>Experience or certification in operating system platforms such as Windows and Linux/Unix is a plus. </li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Soft Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Good communication and collaboration abilities.</li><li>Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Certifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Relevant certifications such as CISSP, CISM, or GIAC are a plus.</li><li>Illumio certification (Illumio Certified Expert) is preferred.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>