---
title: Cyber Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-at-itc-infotech-4014921595?position=18&pageNum=0&refId=Ws4E0X6aDNhIUt22%2B9u5fw%3D%3D&trackingId=PRINlPBFht0LiPd2yh5%2BBA%3D%3D
company: ITC Infotech
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Digital Forensics and Incident Responder</strong></p><p>Job Description:</p><p><strong>As a digital forensics and incident responder,</strong> you will be responsible for conducting digital forensics analysis on various types of devices and systems, identifying and mitigating cyber threats, preparing and presenting reports and recommendations, and coordinating with internal and external stakeholders. You will also be expected to stay updated on the latest trends, tools, and techniques in digital forensics and incident response.</p><p>Responsibilities</p><ul><li><strong>Perform incident response activities, such as containment, eradication, recovery, and reporting, following established procedures and best practices.</strong></li><li>Conduct digital forensics examinations on computers, mobile devices, network devices, and cloud services, using various tools and techniques.</li><li>Collect, preserve, and document digital evidence, following chain of custody and legal standards.</li><li>Prepare and present incident reports and forensic findings, including technical details, recommendations, and lessons learned.</li><li>Collaborate with other security teams, IT staff, and external partners, as needed to ensure timely and effective response and recovery.</li><li>Stay updated on the latest trends, tools, and techniques in digital forensics and incident response.</li><li>You may also need to engage in threat hunting activities.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Qualifications</p><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in computer science, cybersecurity, or related field.</li><li>8 to 15 years of Cybersecurity domain experience with at least 3 years of experience in digital forensics and incident response.</li><li><strong>Proficient in using various digital forensics tools, such as EnCase, FTK, X-Ways, Cellebrite, etc</strong>.</li><li>Knowledge of various operating systems, file systems, network protocols, and encryption methods.</li><li>Ability to work under pressure and handle complex and sensitive cases.</li><li>Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Certifications such as GIAC Certified Forensic Analyst (GCFA), GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH), Certified Computer Examiner (CCE), etc., are preferred.</li><li>Ready to work on-call and beyond regular business hours when necessary.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>