---
title: Cyber Security Internship in Delhi
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-internship-in-delhi-at-certcube-labs-pvt-ltd-4016220801?position=43&pageNum=0&refId=gJqWHyXETNgRlR3Acu0MJQ%3D%3D&trackingId=1SK%2BKPa0eaJ821rNsIUnrg%3D%3D
company: Certcube Labs Pvt Ltd
location: Delhi, India
posted_date: 2024-09-02
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Selected Intern's Day-to-day Responsibilities Include<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Conduct security assessments of web apps, mobile apps, and APIs.</li><li> Research the latest cybersecurity trends.</li><li> Write informative and engaging blog posts on various cybersecurity topics for our Certcube Labs blogging platform.</li><li> Create cybersecurity user awareness sessions on social media with the team.</li><li> Assist senior cybersecurity professionals in VAPT (Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing) projects, including performing vulnerability management and reporting.</li><li> Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation of security assessments, findings, and remediation efforts.</li><li> Stay up-to-date with the latest cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities, and best practices.</li><li> Research critical CVEs (Common vulnerabilities and exposures) and create POCs (Proofs of Concept) for the assessment teams.<br/><br/></li></ul>About Company: CertCube is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company. As a premier IT security company, we provide intensive, immersion training designed to help students the practical steps necessary for defending systems, networks, web, mobile, and servers in an organization against the most dangerous threats - the ones being actively exploited. CertCube provides IT security training to spread cybersecurity awareness across the globe. The key to our success includes a focused approach, an unmatched state-of-the-art online learning environment, online batches or one-on-one training, convenient schedules, reasonable pricing, and modern and inventive methods of delivery.<br/><br/>We also provide professional IT security solutions to organizations to protect their people, process, and technology. We are one of the earliest and most well-established penetration testing companies, who have been consistently delivering quality projects for clients across the globe.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>