---
title: Security Associate
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-associate-at-accor-4018333138?position=14&pageNum=0&refId=qn6QhdJ1CFxGLxYGx7p%2BKA%3D%3D&trackingId=2MHrQoxa06cDi9HzkY%2BrRA%3D%3D
company: Accor
location: Bardez, Goa, India
posted_date: 2024-09-05
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Company Description<br/><br/></strong>"Why work for Accor?<br/><br/>We are far more than a worldwide leader. We welcome you as you are and you can find a job and brand that matches your personality. We support you to grow and learn every day, making sure that work brings purpose to your life, so that during your journey with us, you can continue to explore Accor’s limitless possibilities.<br/><br/>By joining Accor, every chapter of your story is yours to write and together we can imagine tomorrow's hospitality. Discover the life that awaits you at Accor, visit https://careers.accor.com/<br/><br/>Do what you love, care for the world, dare to challenge the status quo! #BELIMITLESS"<br/><br/><strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ensure to perform the duties, as assigned from time to time.</li><li>To man the assigned area and check for suspicious occurrences and also ensure that the parking rules and regulations are enforced.</li><li>Document all activities during the shift, as directed by the Security Officer.</li><li>Any matter which may effect the interests of the hotel should be brought to the attention of the Management.</li><li>To abide by the mission statement of the Company and of the department.</li><li>Provide effective support to the team to enable them to provide effective and efficient services.</li><li>Respond to customer queries by resolving issues in a timely and efficient manner to ensure customer satisfaction.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>