---
title: Performance Test Lead
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/performance-test-lead-at-swiss-re-4020635847?position=6&pageNum=5&refId=oigUsHvw7te9TeJo4hUpJw%3D%3D&trackingId=htuQSkZmQHNCamBPuY8Aug%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-10
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>About The Position<br/><br/></strong>Senior Performance Test Lead is a critical role ensuring that applications meet performance standards before they are deployed to production. He/she is responsible for evaluating the performance, scalability, reliability and responsiveness of applications under various conditions. This role involves designing, implementing and executing performance test strategies, identifying bottlenecks, and working closely with development teams to optimize application performance.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Lead, develop and implement comprehensive performance testing strategies and plans</li><li>Design and develop performance test scripts and scenarios.</li><li>Design and Execute load, stress, endurance and volume tests on applications to evaluate their performance</li><li>Analyze test results to identify performance bottlenecks, system limitations and areas for improvement</li><li>Work closely with development and QA teams to ensure performance requirements are understood and met</li><li>Communicate findings, risks and recommendations to relevant stakeholders</li><li>Assist development teams in diagnosing and resolving performance related issues</li><li>Continuously enhance testing processes, methodologies and tools</li><li>Stay up to date with industry standards and advancements in performance testing practices</li><li>Document performance test plans, scripts, results and issues.</li><li>Maintain detailed records of test procedures and findings</li><li>Preparing and maintaining monitoring dashboards like Grafana</li><li>Define Test performance Framework and ensure that it is implemented across different solutions<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required Skills &amp; Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Proficiency in performing testing using tools such as JMeter, LoadRunner or others</li><li>Experience with monitoring tools like Dynatrace, AppDynamics, New Relic, Azure AppInsight etc.</li><li>Strong understanding of web technologies, APIs and client-server architecture</li><li>Good to have knowledge of JVM monitoring and tuning, microservice level monitoring</li><li>Experience with Azure cloud platform</li><li>Knowledge of SQL and database performance testing</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Familiar with programming/scripting languages like Java, Python, Javascript etc for test automation</li><li>Certifications in performance testing tools is a plus</li><li>Bachelor's degree in computer science, Engineering or related</li><li>7-12 years of experience<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/>If you are an experienced professional returning to the workforce after a career break, we encourage you to apply for open positions that match your skills and experience.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>130960
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>