---
title: Technical Solutions Engineer, Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/technical-solutions-engineer-security-at-google-4020463876?position=8&pageNum=2&refId=WaRXv89Fg5lz9wSRLXkvvw%3D%3D&trackingId=NfdKFtplSW4nzlCaRLgWQQ%3D%3D
company: Google
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-22
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: <strong>Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Pune, Maharashtra, India</strong>.<strong>Minimum qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience.</li><li>2 years of experience reading code (e.g., Python or C#).</li><li>2 years of experience with RDBMS systems and SQL.</li><li>2 years of experience triaging SaaS products, related technologies (e.g., Pantheon, Kibana, Datadog, Grafana), and REST API’s (e.g., Chrome devtools, Postman, cUrl, Swagger).</li><li>Ability to work non-standard working hours.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Certification in Security such as Security+, CEH, CISM, CISSP.</li><li>Experience administering and troubleshooting networks, including network monitoring tool.</li><li>Experience working with Linux/Unix from Kernel to Shell, file systems, and client-server protocols.</li><li>Experience working with customers to understand their business needs and challenges, and articulating their issues internally as needed.</li><li>Experience writing and delivering technical training materials and with cloud computing (i.e., certifications, internships, coursework, etc.).</li><li>Understanding of basic web technologies (e.g., HTTP, HTML, TCP, TLS, SAML).<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Job<br/><br/></strong>As a Technical Solutions Consultant, you will be responsible for the technical relationship of our largest advertising clients and/or product partners. You will lead cross-functional teams in Engineering, Sales and Product Management to leverage emerging technologies for our external clients/partners. From concept design and testing to data analysis and support, you will oversee the technical execution and business operations of Google's online advertising platforms and/or product partnerships.<br/><br/>You will be able to balance business and partner needs with technical constraints, develop innovative, cutting edge solutions and act as a partner and consultant to those you are working with. You will also be able to build tools and automate products, oversee the technical execution and business operations of Google's partnerships, as well as develop product strategy and prioritize projects and resources.<br/><br/>Introduced into Google Cloud through the acquisition of Siemplify, SecOps SOAR is the leading provider of security orchestration, automation, and response. We blend technical expertise with robust, SecOps experience to address operational challenges of leading security organizations around the world. Alongside other Google Cloud Security products, we are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm, and we work with the security industry in the fight against cybercrime.<br/><br/>Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Diagnose and resolve customer problems. Design and implement new operations, productivity, and investigation tools to increase efficiency for Technical Solutions Engineering.</li><li>Act as a consultant and subject matter expert for key stakeholders in the engineering, business, and customer organizations to resolve technical deployment obstacles and improve the product's roadmap.</li><li>Obtain and maintain an in-depth understanding of Google's product technology and software architectures. Build in-product self-service solutions.</li><li>Work closely with multiple product and engineering teams on understanding ways to improve the product and interact with our Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teams to drive production excellence.</li><li>Advocate for our customers by representing their issues to Product Management and Software Engineering, and develop innovative ways to resolve issues.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>