---
title: Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-analyst-at-ey-4021469445?position=7&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=SFSHx7Fgi0l1Je%2BkHObjdg%3D%3D
company: EY
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.<br/><br/><strong>Application Senior Security Specialist<br/><br/></strong>Today’s world is fueled by vast amounts of information. Data is more valuable than ever before. Protecting data and information systems is central to doing business, and everyone in EY Information Security has a critical role to play. Join a global team of almost 950 people who collaborate to support the business of EY by protecting EY and client information assets! Our Information Security professionals enable EY to work securely and deliver secure products and services, as well as detect and quickly respond to security events as they happen. Together, the efforts of our dedicated team helps protect the EY brand and build client trust.<br/><br/>Within Information Security we blend risk strategy, digital identity, cyber defense, application security and technology solutions as we consider the entire security lifecycle. You will join a team of hardworking, security-focused individuals dedicated to supporting, protecting and enabling the business through innovative, secure solutions that provide speed to market and business value.<br/><br/><strong>The opportunity<br/><br/></strong>As application senior security specialist for the Security Certification Team, candidate will be resposible to conduct application vulnerability assessment and penetration testing of EY applications before they move into production and support the team to meet overall security certification goals and client requirements.<br/><br/><strong>Your Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Capable of conducting application &amp; network penetration testing and vulnerability assessments</li><li>Preparing detailed security review reports and remediation guidances </li><li>Researching new application security vulnerabilities and attack vectors</li><li>Leading strategic initiatives and mentoring new team members </li><li>Support the team in updating their skill and knowledge </li><li>Knowledge and Skills Requirements:<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skills And Attributes For Success<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Hands on experience of Web, thick client, Mobile, VOIP, Wireless application security testing. </li><li>Proficient in automated and manual application testing methodologies.</li><li>Expert in using manual testing tools such as Burp Professional, Nmap, Wireshark, Nessus, echomirage.</li><li>Expert in using automated application scan tool Webinspect / Qualys WAS, CheckMarx, WhiteSource etc.</li><li>Basic Knowledge of programming language like C/C++, C#, JAVA, ASP.NET and familiar with PERL/Python Scripting.</li><li>Familiar with OWASP and Secure SDLC standards</li><li>Knowledge of common security requirements within ASP.NET &amp; Java application</li><li>Good Knowledge of TCP/IP, Network Security. </li><li>Knowledge / experience on code review</li><li>Good Technical aptitude, problem solving and ability to quickly learn and master new topics and domains.</li><li>Excellent communication skills; written and verbal. <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>To qualify for the role you must have<br/><br/></strong><strong>Education:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline such as Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent work experience in IT and Information Security.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Experience:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>4 - 6 yrs. experience in application security assessment</li><li>Hands on experience of Web, thick client, Mobile Application security reviews.</li><li>Exposure and good understanding of the various manual testing methodologies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Certification Requirements:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Desirable: IT security Certifications (CEH. ECSA, OSCP etc.). <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What We Offer<br/><br/></strong>As part of this role, you will work in a highly coordinated, globally diverse team with the opportunity and tools to grow, develop and drive your career forward. Here, you can combine global opportunity with flexible working. The EY benefits package goes above and beyond too, focusing on your physical, emotional, financial and social well-being. Your recruiter can talk to you about the benefits available in your country. Here’s a snapshot of what we offer:<br/><br/><ul><li>Continuous learning: You will develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.</li><li>Success as defined by you: We will provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a significant impact, your way.</li><li>Transformative leadership: We will give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.</li><li>Diverse and inclusive culture: You will be accepted for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>EY | Building a better working world <br/><br/></strong>EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.<br/><br/>Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.<br/><br/>Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>