---
title: Security Officer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-officer-at-green-cascades-developers-4025837969?position=55&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=55caEgPqbTVDPvG8k%2FcshQ%3D%3D
company: Green Cascades Developers
location: Visakhapatnam Rural mandal, India
posted_date: 2024-09-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Title: Security Officer<br/><br/></strong><strong>[Local Candidates Preferred]<br/><br/></strong><strong>About Us<br/><br/></strong>Green Cascades is a Real Estate Development firm, founded in 2003 by a successful Technology and Real Estate Entrepreneur. Green Cascades has developed multiple Commercial Buildings, Residential Layouts, Single-Family Residences, and Industrial Properties, taking pride in our ability to enhance Real Asset Value.<br/><br/><strong>Function<br/><br/></strong>Property Management<br/><br/><strong>Location<br/><br/></strong>Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India<br/><br/><strong>Start Date<br/><br/></strong>Immediate<br/><br/><strong>Application Deadline<br/><br/></strong>15 October 2024<br/><br/><strong>Reports to<br/><br/></strong>Property Manager<br/><br/><strong>Roles<br/><br/></strong>Security<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ensure the security and safety of all properties, 24/7.</li><li>Conduct monthly reviews of the security system and implement necessary improvements.</li><li>Deter unauthorized individuals from entering or damaging properties.</li><li>Operate company vehicles for security patrols and other related duties.</li><li>(Optional) Provide armed security if you are ex-military or ex-police and qualify for a firearms license.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Previous Experience<br/><br/></strong>10+ Years<br/><br/><strong>Ideal Candidate<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Under 35 years</li><li>Well-kept and professional appearance</li><li>Non-alcoholic</li><li>Proficient in the use of technology</li><li>Preference and higher salary for ex-police and ex-military candidates who qualify for a firearms license</li><li>LOCAL (currently residing in the Visakhapatnam Metropolitan Region)<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Time Commitment<br/><br/></strong>Approximately 72 hours weekly<br/><br/><strong>Monthly Salary Range<br/><br/></strong>₹15,000 - ₹30,000<br/><br/><strong>Why Join Green Cascades?<br/><br/></strong>At Green Cascades, We Believe In Fostering a Work Environment That Is Not Only Productive But Also Fulfilling. As Part Of Our Team, You Will Be Working With a Firm That Values Innovation, Dedication, And Excellence. We Offer<br/><br/><ul><li>Competitive salary and benefits</li><li>Opportunities for professional growth and development</li><li>A supportive and dynamic work culture</li><li>The chance to be part of a company that is shaping the future of real estate development in Visakhapatnam and beyond<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Application Process<br/><br/></strong>Interested candidates are invited to submit their applications by 15 October 2024. We look forward to welcoming a dedicated and professional Security Officer to our team.<br/><br/>Apply now and take the next step in your career with Green Cascades.<br/><br/>Skills: security,military,police officers,property management,perimeter protection,perimeter security
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>