---
title: Security Engineer II
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-ii-at-microsoft-4029682964?position=52&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=ztbJlQu92LN7VBLlS3x8Sw%3D%3D
company: Microsoft
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Security represents the most critical priorities for our customers in a world awash in digital threats, regulatory scrutiny, and estate complexity. Microsoft Security aspires to make the world a safer place for all. We want to reshape security and empower every user, customer, and developer with a security cloud that protects them with end to end, simplified solutions. The Microsoft Security organization accelerates Microsoft’s mission and bold ambitions to ensure that our company and industry is securing digital technology platforms, devices, and clouds in our customers’ heterogeneous environments, as well as ensuring the security of our own internal estate. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world.<br/><br/>The Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) is looking for an experienced <strong>Security Engineer</strong> to join our open source security assurance vulnerability response. In this role you will build and lead Microsoft’s end-to-end response process for publicly disclosed Linux security vulnerabilities in collaboration with security engineers across the company. f This role will focus on the Linux Operating System (OS) platforms that powers Azure, LinkedIn, and on-premised/bare metal solutions for our cloud businesses and billions of customers. You will have the opportunity to expand on your curiosity to understand rapidly evolving billion-dollar services and help protect customers, Microsoft, and communities from threats to security and privacy. If all this sounds interesting to you then you should talk to us!<br/><br/>We are seeking a candidate with a strong technical security foundation in Linux and/or open-source security and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) and experience driving operational excellence. In addition, this position requires an individual who can demonstrate being data focused and customer obsessed.<br/><br/>Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Build and lead Microsoft’s end-to-end response process for security vulnerabilities in Linux, including: o Triage, analyze, and prioritize Linux Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) and collaborate with the Azure Linux engineers to determine and deliver the appropriate remediation. o Supports operational security and security incidents as well as security reviews and reporting. o Contribute to external and internal security guidance for Linux security vulnerabilities and remediations</li><li> Exercise and grow subject matter expertise in Linux security, up-stream and down-stream security operation processes, and provide clarity and guidance to others.</li><li> Develop, monitor, and analyze key performance data to identify and recommend process improvements and automation.</li><li> Exercise technical curiosity to collect and analyze security data, partner, and customer feedback, and partner across security disciplines to help address security issues, patterns, and trends.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 7+ years experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection o OR Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field o OR equivalent experience.</li><li> 1+ years of experience managing cross-functional and/or cross-team projects.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred Qualification<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 9+ years experience in software development lifecycle, large scale computing, modeling, cyber security, anomaly detection o OR Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Risk Management, Cyber Security, or related field o OR equivalent experience.</li><li> Experience consuming and analyzing CVE data</li><li> Demonstrated knowledge in Linux security or strong demonstrated ability to develop such knowledge</li><li> Proactively seeks opportunities to learn</li><li> Ability to distill and explain complex technical and security concepts to different types of audiences</li><li> Experience collaborating with cross-functional security teams<br/><br/></li></ul>Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>