---
title: THREAT HUNTER
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-hunter-at-terralogic-4030786828?position=6&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=CVUkwaIRKPVL9YX%2BCKuVRg%3D%3D
company: Terralogic
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Overview<br/><br/></strong><strong>Notice Period</strong>: Immediate to 30 days.<br/><br/><strong>Total Experience<br/><br/></strong>5 – 8 years<br/><br/><strong>Job Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Search for Cyber threats and risks hiding inside the data before attacks occur. </li><li>Gather as much information on threat behaviour, goals, and methods as possible. </li><li>Organize and analyse the collected data to determine trends in the security environment of the organization.</li><li>Search for vulnerabilities and risk factors in data and systems. </li><li>Stay up to date on the latest innovation in cybersecurity.</li><li>Study trends in cybercrime around threat actors’ behaviours, tactics, and goals; </li><li>Pattern Recognition. </li><li>Perform audits on existing systems and processes, determining whether they’re secure enough and where they can be improved. </li><li>Carry out risk assessments and other tests to demonstrate the efficacy of the measures in place. </li><li>Monitor their organizations from a technical standpoint for security and compliance. </li><li>Analyse data and documents to predict problems that may arise. </li><li>Understand threat behaviour. </li><li>Gather intelligence on known threats and recent attacks to stay ahead of a potential problem. </li><li>Communicating their team’s needs to administrators to adapt to potential future threats. </li><li>Staying up to date on the industry’s latest, modifying solutions in place as their technological landscape evolves. </li><li>Monitoring network traffic and system logs to identify potential threat.</li><li>Analysing data to determine the nature and scope of a threat </li><li>Responding to threats in real-time, including isolating infected systems and containing the spread of Malware </li><li>Developing and implementing strategies to prevent future attacks </li><li>Creating reports and presentations to communicate findings to management and other stakeholders</li><li>Experience with network automation using python or any other scripting language. <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Note<br/><br/></strong>About us – Terralogic (www.terralogic.com ; https://www.linkedin.com/company/terralogic/)<br/><br/>The very basic foundation of Terralogic has been to provide Technology Services for the Connected World. Our core DNA is in tying deep Engineering expertise to our Customers’ roadmap and business needs to bring true partnership! We work from product conceptualization to product maturity, decline &amp; sustenance by investing in a broad range of technical skills and domain experts with an eye on stability and increased productivity. We look at problem statements exactly the way our customers look at them and provide far-reaching solutions at highly optimized cost levels. With a thousand plus strength, experienced management, and best-in-class practices, we deliver world-class successes for our Customers.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>