---
title: Reinsurance Operations Associate
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/reinsurance-operations-associate-at-swiss-re-4031007420?position=45&pageNum=0&refId=R2LlmoX6s73oWz9K3Iu2QA%3D%3D&trackingId=vdbEGyZaOYcVjNt%2FwEUykA%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-15
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>About The Role<br/><br/></strong>We are looking for an agile, motivated, and dedicated individual who is ready to join our APAC Property and Casualty Operations Team in Bangalore as Reinsurance Operations Associate. APAC Operations is part of the P&amp;C Re Operations Division, which handles the in-force reinsurance business from end to end.<br/><br/>In this role, you will be responsible for handling end to end reinsurance accounts and claims, ensuring business deliverables are met (quality output within the turnaround times defined) through adequate understanding of Reinsurance contractual conditions. You will be working within a set framework of policies, processes and having potential opportunities to improve the same. You will own responsibility for an assigned portfolio of APAC clients and collaborate with business partners internally and externally. You will work in a dynamic environment by being capable of navigating through periods of change and ambiguity. You will also be encouraged to pro-actively pursue your career advancement by developing current and new areas of competence on own initiative.<br/><br/><strong>The role comprises, but not limited to, the following elements:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>End-to-end processing of client Reinsurance accounts (premiums, claims, brokerage, etc.) ensuring deliverables and quality standards are met as defined </li><li>Handling Reinsurance claims (simple to mid complex cases) through adequate understanding of Reinsurance Claims principles</li><li>Capture accurate claim information by referring to claim advice reported by clients/ brokers and contract documents/conditions</li><li>Maintain accuracy and quality parameters as defined by the process</li><li>Rigorous follow up on outstanding queries/topics as per the defined process using the escalation matrix</li><li>Problem solving/analysis for own portfolio, to determine underlying trends and following up on the same to deliver closure of issues</li><li>Ensure financial transactions/payments are in adherence to processes and guidelines, quality management framework and key controls</li><li>Timely collection of funds (Accounts Receivable), keeping track of financials within the assigned portfolio</li><li>Ensure timely and accurate reporting and compliance with internal/external/regulatory requirements and/or commitments</li><li>Manage own workload effectively to achieve agreed service/business standards</li><li>Contact internal business partners and external clients directly (either written or verbal) to resolve any long pending operational issues like missing accounting information, incorrect data, payment delays, etc.</li><li>You will work collaboratively across teams, functions and regions and support the requirements of internal clients</li><li>Usage of PowerBI and data tools to assess and steer the portfolio <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Team<br/><br/></strong>You will join a very experienced and highly motivated Reinsurance operations team handling portfolios for diverse APAC regions. Our responsibilities require regular interactions with peers and experts from other locations, deliver best service and most value to our clients. With our continuous improvement mindset our aim is to provide our external clients and internal partners with fast, easy, and effective ways of conducting business within an environment where the risks are understood.<br/><br/><strong>About You<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Minimum bachelor's in finance, Accounting, Insurance, or related fields. Outstanding performer with minimum 0- 2 years of work experience</li><li>Flair for figures and proficiency in Excel</li><li>Good verbal and written business interpersonal skills</li><li>Being an agile team player with the ability to manage own workload and demonstrate a sense of Accountability, Responsibility and Commitment</li><li>Ability to work together collaboratively, flexibly, and constructively in a team/group environment including in virtual set-ups</li><li>Ability to challenge the status quo and manage multiple business partners (multi-cultural and cross functional teams in a virtual set-up)</li><li>Insurance/Finance related certifications will be an added advantage<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Note<br/><br/></strong><em>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.<br/><br/></em><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/>If you are an experienced professional returning to the workforce after a career break, we encourage you to apply for open positions that match your skills and experience.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>130930
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>