---
title: Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-threat-intelligence-analyst-at-securityhq-4032778331?position=1&pageNum=0&refId=Hr9mEz3VKmhaXsOugtnO4A%3D%3D&trackingId=zWUBkxhydO4Ug6W9SL2Pxw%3D%3D
company: SecurityHQ
location: Pune, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>We are seeking a highly motivated and analytical individual to join our global Cyber Threat Intelligence team as a Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst. As a part of our Advisory &amp; Assessment team, you will contribute to the identification and mitigation of emerging threats, enabling our clients to proactively defend against cyberattacks.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Research and Analysis: Conduct in-depth research and analysis of emerging cyber threats, including the evolving threat landscape, industry-specific risks, and geographical threats, to identify potential risks and vulnerabilities.</li><li> Threat Reporting: Create intelligence products including comprehensive reports for our customers, providing insights on the current threat landscape, outlining their attack surface, and highlighting open risks that need immediate attention.</li><li> Threat Advisories: Develop and deliver concise and actionable threat advisories for our customers, offering recommendations and strategies to mitigate potential cyber threats and vulnerabilities.</li><li> Customer Engagement: Engage with customers on weekly calls, presenting threat intelligence findings, discussing attack surfaces, and addressing any inquiries or concerns they may have.</li><li> Ad hoc Intelligence Requests: Assist customers by fulfilling their ad hoc intelligence requests, which may include conducting deep-dive investigations, providing analysis on specific threats, or offering insights into industry-specific risks.</li><li> Incident Qualification: Proactive monitoring of TRI tools and response to any identified incidents. You will be responsible for qualifying incidents to assess their fidelity.<br/><br/></li></ul>Location:<br/><br/>Pune<br/><br/><strong>Essential Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Knowledge and Interest: Passion for cybersecurity and a good understanding of the threat landscape, emerging trends, threat actors, and attack vectors. Awareness of different industry and regional threats is advantageous</li><li>Analytical Skills: Excellent analytical and critical thinking abilities to interpret complex data, identify patterns, and extract meaningful insights.</li><li>Communication Skills: Effective written and verbal communication skills to present technical information clearly and concisely, both internally and externally.</li><li>Detail-oriented: Strong attention to detail, ensuring accuracy and precision in research, analysis, and reporting.</li><li>Collaboration: Ability to work effectively in a team environment, collaborating with colleagues and customers to achieve common objectives.</li><li>Continuous Learning: Eagerness to stay updated on the latest cybersecurity trends, threat intelligence methodologies, and tools.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Education &amp; Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelors in computer science/IT/Electronics Engineering, M.C.A. or equivalent University degree.</li><li>1 or 2 year experience in SOC or vulnerability assessment</li><li>Certifications: Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) CTIA, CPTIA.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>