---
title: Information Security Officer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/information-security-officer-at-youtrip-4032947381?position=4&pageNum=5&refId=R7Sq0DXDdHZl5OkVqOIlAQ%3D%3D&trackingId=ikXjizB5HkLuZt1oGk9Raw%3D%3D
company: YouTrip
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>We Are</strong></p><p>YouTrip is at the forefront of Asia's financial revolution, defining the future of digital finance with its leading multi-currency payment platform. Launched in 2018, YouTrip has swiftly ascended as a powerhouse, orchestrating billions in transactions annually and securing the trust of millions. With innovative solutions like YouTrip for consumers and YouBiz for businesses, we offer unmatched financial ease and cost-effectiveness. Fresh off a successful US$50 million Series B funding round led by Lightspeed Venture, we're setting new benchmarks in the digital financial services sector.</p><p>At the heart of our mission is a commitment to eliminate financial borders across Asia, propelling us into the next wave of digital finance.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Description: Information Security Officer</strong></p><p>We’re looking for an Information Security Officer (ISO) to join our team. The ISO is part of the Second Line of Defense (SLOD) and shall be responsible for supporting the Information Security, Business Continuity and Data Privacy programs across the group. The ISO shall support the Director to ensure the information security program is in alignment with the regulatory, legal, and statutory requirement of the region and the business strategy. The ISO shall be responsible for identifying, assessing, and mitigating security risks associated with our fintech’s Governance, Risk and Compliance efforts. The ideal candidate has a strong background in Information Security, Business Continuity, Data Privacy and a deep understanding of the unique challenges in the FinTech or financial industry space.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Develop, build, and refine Information Security, Business Continuity, Privacy and IT policies and support periodic review activities</li><li>Conduct periodic Technology Risk Assessments for services &amp; applications.</li><li>Align policies with local laws and regulations across Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and other Geographies that the company is operating from. E.g., Singapore: Cybersecurity Act (CSA), Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), MAS TRM guidelines, Cyber Hygiene; Malaysia: PDPA 2010, Cybersecurity Malaysia, BNM RMiT guidelines; Thailand: PDPA, NCSA, Bank of Thailand’s Cyber Resilience guidelines, etc.,</li><li>Ensure compliance with Industry standard such as ISO 27001, PCIDSS, etc.,</li><li>Support internal and external audits.</li><li>Conduct security awareness trainings.</li><li>Building Business Continuity Plans</li><li>Coordinate and support Business Continuity and Cybersecurity drills.</li><li>Lead vulnerability assessments, penetration tests and work with various teams for remediation efforts.</li><li>Supporting Data Privacy Officer duties to order to meet requirements of Data Privacy Policy, particularly Privacy by Design, in initiatives across the group</li><li>Contribute to the ongoing maturity of the Information Security team, helping to shape strategies and enhance the overall effectiveness of the team.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science or Information Technology</li><li>Experience with Confluence, JIRA or other GRC tools.</li><li>Ability to make sound judgments, prioritise and manage security risks.</li><li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work cross-functionally.</li><li>Industry certifications (e.g., CISA, CISM, CIPP/E, CRISC) are a plus.</li><li>6-10 years of experience in the Information Security or IS Audit space</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>