---
title: Threat Hunter
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-hunter-at-tata-consultancy-services-4032003464?position=16&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=I3Q5r6HRPTFF0HxP3RHpNg%3D%3D
company: Tata Consultancy Services
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-09-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>Dear Candidates</p><p><br/></p><p>Tata Consultancy Services is hring for <strong>Threat Hunter </strong></p><p>Experience: 5-10 Years</p><p>Location: Bangalore</p><p><br/></p><p>Roles and Responsibilities:</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Detecting Advanced Threats:</strong> Continuously detect, analyse, and combat advanced threats. Search for vulnerabilities and mitigate associated cybersecurity risks before they impact the organization.</li><li><strong>Data Analysis:</strong> Gather information on threat behaviour, goals, and methods. Organize and analyse the data to identify trends in the organization's security environment. Search for security gaps by performing risk assessment, penetration testing, and identifying internal risks.</li><li><strong>Predictive Insights:</strong> Make predictions by examining historical data, about future threats and work to eliminate existing vulnerabilities. Investigate the network systems or endpoints to identify threat patterns or indicate compromise and analyze the threat.</li><li><strong>Coordination with SOC</strong>: Collaborate with the SOC team and cybersecurity managers to ensure effective incident response and mitigation.</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Technical Skills</strong>: Proficiency in cybersecurity tools (Splunk/Sentinel SIEM), End point solutions, network protocols, and threat intelligence platforms, Windows, Linux Operating Systems.</li><li><strong>Analytical Mindset</strong>: Ability to think critically, identify patterns, and connect disparate pieces of information.</li><li><strong>Communication Skills</strong>: Effective communication with other IT professionals and management is crucial.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Regards,</p><p>S.Shanbaga</p><p>Tata Consultancy Services</p><p>HR- TAG CSP</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>