---
title: SOC Manager
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/soc-manager-at-itc-infotech-4032881779?position=38&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=tOxnrtWys5quuXofA4iqMg%3D%3D
company: ITC Infotech
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>Hi, Please find below the job description for SOC Lead, Work location Bangalore</p><p>If interested please send your profile to manikandan.g@itcinfotech.com</p><p>Looking only for short joiners who can join within 15 days. Mention your Current CTC, Expected CTC and Notice period</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>SOC Lead (Job Description):</strong></p><p>SOC Lead will be responsible for responsible for overall operations of Security Operations Centre. SOC is responsible to continuously monitor and analyze security threats and defends against potential security breaches; actively isolate and mitigate security risks. You lead a 24x7 Security Operations Centre (SOC) team. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Overall responsibility for the security operations including incident and response. </li><li>Responsible for team &amp; vendor management, overall use of resources and initiation of corrective action where required for Security Operations Center</li><li>Provide leadership for the SOC operations. </li><li>Collaborate and follow up with internal and external teams on response, remediation of incidents.</li><li>Provide leadership &amp; oversight for SOC operations.</li><li>Proactively identify and mitigate cyber security threats. </li><li>Threat intelligence and its integration. Integration of Threat feeds </li><li>Develop and maintain security SOC related procedures including incident response. </li><li>Responsible for developing SOC metrics, reports, dashboards, and presentation to management. Responsible for continuous improvement plans</li><li>Support internal and external audits.</li><li>Lead and participation in emergency SOC call from 24 x 7 SOC monitoring.</li><li>Respond to incidents by collecting, analyzing, and preserving digital evidence to assist with the Incident Responders in remediation of critical information security incidents.</li><li>Proactively mitigate cyber security risks and strengthen the attack detection and response processes.</li><li>Improve and challenge existing processes and procedures in an agile and fast-moving information security environment.</li><li>Threat Hunting </li><li>Perform threat management, threat modeling, identify threat vectors and develop use cases for security monitoring.</li><li>Responsible for integration of standard and non-standard logs with SOC platforms and tools</li><li>Manage and support the log collection, security scanning, intrusion detection, proxy, mail gateway and other security technologies. </li><li>Malware Analysis </li><li>Review, triage security alerts, provide analysis, suggest remediation, track remediation.</li><li>Support in resolving security incidents.</li><li>Investigate and respond to security incidents.</li><li>Monitor networks and systems for potential threats.</li><li>Knowledge of network data flows, ports, protocols, and other network and application services/technologies.</li><li>Responding to alerts from the various monitoring/detection systems and platforms within defined SLAs.</li><li>Current knowledge of security threat intelligence and recent attack vectors</li><li>Strong forensics analysis skills</li><li>Mentor and train team members</li><li>Knowledge on ITIL processes</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Minimum Qualification &amp; Background:</strong></p><ul><li>8-10 years of Information Security experience. Minimum 3 years as a SOC Manager or Lead in a large 24x7 Security Operations Centre (SOC) </li><li>Implementation knowledge on SIEM technology (IBM/HP/LogRhythm/Splunk/Sentinel), Vulnerability management tools (NESSUS/Qualys), EDR and SOAR etc.</li><li>Ability to write technical documentation and present technical briefings to diverse audiences.</li><li>Strong understanding of threat landscape in terms of the tools, tactics, and techniques of threats employing both commodity and custom malware.</li><li>Knowledge of Information security life cycle, policies, process, and standards.</li><li>Relevant security certification will be a plus.</li><li>Knowledge of AWS, Azure and GCP</li><li>Knowledge of current security threats, techniques, and landscape. </li><li>Security events, incident review and triage experience with Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) tools</li><li>Experience and knowledge related to the configuration and maintenance of security monitoring and reporting platforms.</li><li>Ability to conduct detailed analysis of various security related events like Phishing, Spoofing, Ransomware and SQL Injections etc. </li><li>Incident Response experience (identifying, investigating, and responding to complex attacks)</li><li>Experience with threat hunting.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>