---
title: Cyber security Trainee
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-trainee-at-zecatech-4032077102?position=33&pageNum=0&refId=gyOlaF9%2FJnTE0BcftTJH5g%3D%3D&trackingId=lBHx8fJpmYl44IHS1uf%2BWA%3D%3D
company: ZecaTech
location: Delhi, India
posted_date: 2024-09-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Overview<br/><br/></strong>The Cybersecurity Trainee will play a crucial role in supporting the organization's efforts to safeguard its digital infrastructure and sensitive information. This role is essential for learning the fundamentals of cybersecurity, understanding potential threats, and implementing security measures to protect the organization's data from unauthorized access. The trainee will work closely with senior cybersecurity professionals to gain valuable hands-on experience and contribute to the overall security posture of the organization.<br/><br/><strong>Note: Traning will be provided<br/><br/></strong><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Participate in cybersecurity training programs to learn about network security, information security, and cyber defense.</li><li>Assist in identifying potential security risks and vulnerabilities within the organization's systems and network infrastructure.</li><li>Learn to implement and manage security measures, such as firewalls, encryption, and intrusion detection systems.</li><li>Support the development and implementation of security policies and procedures.</li><li>Participate in security incident response and investigation activities.</li><li>Stay updated with the latest cybersecurity trends, threats, and technologies.</li><li>Work closely with the cybersecurity team to address security concerns and improve the organization's overall security posture.</li><li>Conduct security assessments and audits under the guidance of senior cybersecurity professionals.</li><li>Learn and utilize security tools and technologies to monitor and protect the organization's digital assets.</li><li>Assist in creating and delivering cybersecurity awareness and training programs for employees.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or a related field.</li><li>Basic understanding of networking concepts and protocols.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Ability to work well in a team and collaborate effectively with colleagues.</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</li><li>Passion for learning about cybersecurity and staying updated with industry trends.</li><li>Demonstrated knowledge or experience in information security principles.</li><li>Willingness to obtain relevant industry certifications, such as CompTIA Security+, CEH, or similar certifications.</li><li>Basic understanding of risk management and compliance frameworks, such as ISO 27001 and NIST.</li><li>Familiarity with security tools and technologies, such as antivirus software, SIEM, and vulnerability assessment tools.<br/><br/></li></ul>Skills: network security,information security,cyber defense,risk management,security operations
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>