---
title: Security Engineer L1
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-l1-at-inspira-enterprise-4033917190?position=43&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=PxKrx9n9anNYTxM%2BqunTcg%3D%3D
company: Inspira Enterprise
location: Mumbai Metropolitan Region
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Job Description: L1 Security Engineer<br/><br/>Position: L1 Security Engineer<br/><br/>Location: Mumbai or Hyderabad<br/><br/>Experience Level: 0-2 years in cybersecurity<br/><br/>Job Summary:<br/><br/>The L1 Security Engineer will be responsible for providing first-level support for Trellix (formerly McAfee) ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO) and assisting in managing the organization's endpoint security infrastructure. The role is suited for individuals with foundational cybersecurity knowledge.<br/><br/>Key Responsibilities:<br/><br/>Monitoring &amp; Alerts: Continuously monitor the ePO console for alerts, ensuring timely detection of potential security threats.<br/><br/>Basic Administration: Assist in managing ePO policies, perform updates, and ensure endpoint systems are compliant with security protocols.<br/><br/>Incident Response: Respond to basic security incidents such as malware detections and escalate complex issues to higher-level support.<br/><br/>Troubleshooting: Provide basic troubleshooting for endpoint security-related issues. Threat Hunting.<br/><br/>Documentation: Maintain incident logs and track the status of security alerts and resolutions.<br/><br/>User Support: Assist internal users with questions and issues related to endpoint security.<br/><br/>Escalation: Forward more advanced issues to L2 engineers for deeper analysis and resolution.<br/><br/>Share your resume to<br/><br/>Email : santhosh.kumar2@inspiraenterprise.com<br/><br/><strong>Requirements<br/><br/></strong>Required Skills:<br/><br/>Basic knowledge of cybersecurity principles, including malware, phishing, and general threat prevention.<br/><br/>Understanding of Windows and/or Linux operating systems.<br/><br/>Strong analytical skills and a willingness to learn and adapt quickly.<br/><br/>Good communication skills to interact with teams and end-users.<br/><br/>Hands-on experience with IT support or cybersecurity operations is a plus.<br/><br/>Education:<br/><br/>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience.<br/><br/>This position is ideal for candidates with foundational cybersecurity knowledge who are looking to grow their expertise in endpoint security and Trellix ePO management.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>