---
title: Senior Strategist, Platform Enforcement, Trust and Safety
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-strategist-platform-enforcement-trust-and-safety-at-google-4035461865?position=57&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=3XTqlAwallT2ooke9ddl1Q%3D%3D
company: Google
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-28
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: <strong>Hyderabad, Telangana, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India</strong>.<strong>Minimum qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, related discipline, or equivalent practical experience.</li><li>4 years of experience working with analytical tools or data analysis (e.g., SQL, Python, Business Intelligence/dashboards).</li><li>Experience relaying communications between technical and non-technical teams.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Experience working cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, Sales and other teams, and negotiating for solutions and resources.</li><li>Experience with abuse detection and investigations, Internet advertising, and account security.</li><li>Experience in data analysis (e.g. Data Studio), scripting languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript, TypeScript), and statistical analysis/machine learning (e.g., R, Colab).</li><li>Experience with reverse engineering, security or threat intelligence development, actor tracking or cyber forensics.</li><li>Excellent problem-solving and critical thinking skills with attention to detail in an ever-changing environment.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Job<br/><br/></strong>Trust &amp; Safety team members are tasked with identifying and taking on the biggest problems that challenge the safety and integrity of our products. They use technical know-how, excellent problem-solving skills, user insights, and proactive communication to protect users and our partners from abuse across Google products like Search, Maps, Gmail, and Google Ads. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic team-player with a passion for doing what’s right. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google engineers and product managers to identify and fight abuse and fraud cases at Google speed - with urgency. And you take pride in knowing that every day you are working hard to promote trust in Google and ensuring the highest levels of user safety.<br/><br/>Our team and this role is strategically focused on key areas that can significantly impact the company: policy enforcement, navigating the use and risks of Generative AI in advertising, and effectively managing legal and regulatory enforcement. The Ads and Shopping Platforms Enforcement team is leading the charge in addressing these challenges, skillfully balancing our responsibility to combat abuse at scale with ensuring a positive experience for advertisers.<br/><br/>At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Trust &amp; Safety is Google’s team of abuse fighting and user trust experts working daily to make the internet a safer place. We partner with teams across Google to deliver bold solutions in abuse areas such as malware, spam and account hijacking. A diverse team of Analysts, Policy Specialists, Engineers, and Program Managers, we work to reduce risk and fight abuse across all of Google’s products, protecting our users, advertisers, and publishers across the globe in over 40 languages.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Identify and investigate trends to define and implement enforcement strategies to address content-related abuse, questionable business practices, violations of Google's advertising policies, and general misuse of our products.</li><li>Develop and maintain innovative and policy-relevant processes using Gen AI techniques and technology to advance our enforcement capabilities.</li><li>Contribute to the development and execution of enforcement strategies for Google Ads policies facing regulatory scrutiny globally, and actively engage with stakeholders at all levels on Legal and Regulatory risk issues related to Ads Policies.</li><li>Provide on-call coverage periodically and respond to escalations from internal and external parties within designated service levels.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>