---
title: Cyber Security Consultant
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-consultant-at-deloitte-4036836859?position=4&pageNum=2&refId=wNz69Xu2wL93BsepAnyl6A%3D%3D&trackingId=NB5nkadBT6%2BEoA5%2BTSf9AQ%3D%3D
company: Deloitte
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-27
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Experience: 4 to 12 yrs</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title:</strong> <strong>Application Security SME</strong></p><p><strong>Location:</strong> Bangalore, India (Mandatory)</p><p><strong>Best fit Roles: </strong></p><p>Web Application Penetration Testing, API Testing, Network Penetration Testing Mobile Application Penetration Testing, Source Code Review, Thick Client Application Testing</p><p><strong>Certifications: Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Certified Red Team Professional (CRTP), Certified AppSec Pentester (CAPen), Certified API Security Analyst (CASA), OffSec Certified Professional (OSCP)</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title:</strong> SDLC SUPPORT SME</p><p><strong>Location:</strong> Pune, India</p><p><strong>Best fit Roles: </strong>SAST SME, DAST SME , DevSecOps Integration specialist, SDLC Secure Developer, Automated Scripting Knowledge</p><p><strong>The Key Skills </strong></p><ul><li>Proficient in SDLC Security with experience in both Agile and Waterfall Software Development Life Cycles.</li><li>Understanding of integration &amp; automation of various security technologies including <strong>SAST, DAST, MAST, IAST, container security tools within DevOps tooling pipeline (Jenkins, GitHub, Chef, Ansible, Nexus, etc).</strong></li><li>Understanding of platform-specific security risks, common vulnerabilities for web and architectures that are commonly used by mobile application. <strong>(HTML, XML, JavaScript, JSON, REST, Microservices etc.).</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Tools</strong></p><ul><li>Proficiency in one or more tools like Checkmarx, Invicti(Netsparker), Quokka(Kryptowire), IriusRisk, Aquasec, etc.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong>Vulnerability Management SME</p><p><strong>Location:</strong> Hyderabad, India (Preferred) || Pune, India</p><p><strong>Requirement:</strong> CISA, CRISC, CISM, CISSP, CGEIT</p><p><strong>The Key Skills </strong></p><ul><li>In-Depth knowledge of <strong>Vulnerabilities, Threat, Risk, </strong>Vulnerabilities Identification and Remediation.</li><li>Must have knowledge of Security Testing and good exposure of vulnerabilities listed in <strong>OWASP Top 10/SANS 25.</strong></li><li>Cultivate a culture of continuous self-improvement, professional development, and self-directed learning, encouraging team members to maintain subject matter expertise in both their specific areas and the broader cybersecurity domain.</li><li>Expertise in <strong>Risk and Compliance Management, Vulnerability Management, and Security Testing.</strong></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: CyberArk Engineer</strong></p><p><strong>Location: Mumbai</strong></p><p><strong>The Key Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Proven experience working as a <strong>CyberArk Engineer, CyberArk Administrator, or similar role, with at least 2+ years of experience in designing, implementing, and supporting CyberArk solutions.</strong></li><li><strong>Expertise in CyberArk PAS Suite components, including EPV, PSM, CPM, PVWA, and AIM, and proficiency in CyberArk REST API, PACLI, and scripting languages (PowerShell, Python, etc.).</strong></li><li><strong>Strong understanding of privileged access management (PAM) concepts, principles, and best practices, including privileged account discovery, rotation, and monitoring.</strong></li><li><strong>Experience with integrating CyberArk with identity governance, ticketing, SIEM, and other security and IT systems using APIs, connectors, and integration frameworks.</strong></li><li>Familiarity with regulatory compliance standards, such as<strong> NIST, PCI DSS, GDPR, HIPAA, and SOX, and experience with compliance assessments and audits.</strong></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: SailPoint IIQ Developer</strong></p><p><strong>Location: Mumbai</strong></p><p><strong>The Key Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>3+ years of experience working as a <strong>SailPoint IIQ Developer or similar role in Identity and Access Management.</strong></li><li><strong>In-depth knowledge of SailPoint IIQ architecture, components, and capabilities.</strong></li><li>Strong proficiency in scripting and programming languages such as Java, BeanShell, PowerShell, or Python.</li><li>Experience with IAM concepts and technologies, including RBAC, SSO, LDAP, OAuth, and SAML.</li><li>Hands-on experience with integration technologies such as REST APIs, SOAP, JDBC, and SCIM.</li><li>Familiarity with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) and their IAM services is a plus..</li></ul><p><strong>Preferred (Good-to-Have) Credentials:</strong></p><ul><li>SailPoint Certified IdentityIQ Associate or Professional certification.</li><li>Relevant certifications such as CISSP, CISM, or IAM certifications (e.g., CIAM, CIMP) are a plus.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong>IBM Verify Governance</p><p><strong>Location: Pune</strong></p><ul><li>Proven experience with IAM and with the IBM Verify product family, including IBM Verify Access, IBM Verify Governance, and IBM Verify SaaS</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong>Saviynt</p><p><strong>Location: Pune</strong></p><p><strong>Desired qualifications</strong></p><ol><li>2 to 4 years of experience working in Identity-IGA Domain with minimum 2 years of experience in Saviynt Identity Platform.</li><li>Strong understanding of identity and access management principles.</li><li>Proficiency in programming languages such as Java, Python, or PowerShell.</li><li>Experience in working with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or GCP.</li><li>Saviynt certification(s) preferred.</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong> Incident Response</p><p><strong>Location: Bangalore</strong></p><p><strong>The Key Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Experience on EDR tools for Incident response and threat hunting (Crowdstrike, MS Defender, Sentinel One)</li><li>Certifications like ECIH v2, CHFI, GCIH or GCIA is preferred</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong> ISMS</p><p><strong>Location: Delhi</strong></p><p><strong>The key skills required are as follows:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for ISO 27001 based <strong>Information Security Management System implementation and sustenance</strong></li><li>Responsible for advising clients on <strong>Business Continuity Planning, IT Disaster Recovery planning</strong></li><li>Assess client information security posture, identify the gaps/risks in the existing environment and develop solutions to mitigate the identified gaps/risk</li><li>Responsible to assist client in review / implement Information Security controls in areas as mentioned, but not limited to: Change management process, Incident management process, Backup process, User identity and access management, Antivirus management, SLA performance and monitoring, Media handling &amp; Exchange of information, Physical and environmental Security, and Media &amp; Information Handling</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong> PCI DSS</p><p><strong>Location: Mumbai</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong> SIEM/Sentinle/Chronicle</p><p><strong>Location: Bangalore</strong></p><p><strong>The Key Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Proven experience working with QRadar SIEM and other security tools.</li><li>Ability to drive call and summarizing it post discussion.</li><li>Deep understanding on Windows, DB, Mail cluster, VM and Linux commands.</li><li>Good Understanding of Firewall, IDP/IPS, SIEM functioning</li><li>Strong understanding of network protocols, TCP/IP, and security technologies.</li><li>Familiarity with log analysis and correlation techniques.</li><li>Knowledge of security incident response methodologies and best practices.</li><li>Understanding of common security frameworks (e.g., NIST, ISO 27001).</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Title: </strong> Forescout</p><p><strong>Location: Bangalore</strong></p><p><strong>The Key Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Proven experience in configuring and designing Forescout solutions.</li><li>In-depth knowledge of network security principles and practices.</li><li>Familiarity with cybersecurity frameworks and compliance standards (e.g., NIST, ISO 27001).</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Relevant certifications (e.g., Forescout Certified Administrator/Engineer) are a plus.</li><li>Experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python) for automation is desirable.</li></ul><p></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>