---
title: SaT-DNA-Senior Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sat-dna-senior-analyst-at-ey-4041058679?position=10&pageNum=5&refId=km7k4I33F05VNDSj4%2FI3%2BQ%3D%3D&trackingId=HAm8nNFPnJ2FufFSwSF7Xw%3D%3D
company: EY
location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
posted_date: 2024-10-04
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.<br/><br/><strong>Senior Analyst – AI / Gen AI<br/><br/></strong>Data and Analytics team is a multi-disciplinary technology team delivering client projects and solutions across Data Mining &amp; Management, Visualization, Business Analytics, Automation and Statistical Insights and AI/GenAI. The assignments cover a wide range of countries and industry sectors.<br/><br/><strong>The opportunity<br/><br/></strong>We are looking for a Senior Analyst - AI/GenAI, proficient in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, deep learning and LLM models for Generative AI, text analytics and Python Programming; will be responsible for developing and delivering industry sectors (Financial services; Consumer, product &amp; Retail; Healthcare &amp; wellness; Manufacturing; Supply chain; telecom; Real Estate etc.) specific solutions which will be used to implement the EY SaT mergers and acquisition methodologies.<br/><br/><strong>Your Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Develop, review, and implement Solutions applying AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and develop APIs using Python.</li><li>Having relevant understanding of Big Data and Visualization would be one-upping.</li><li>Lead the development and implementation of Generative AI applications using both open source (Llama, BERT, Mistral etc.) and closed source (Open AI GPT models, MS Azure Cognitive Services, Claude, Cohere etc.) Large Language Models (LLMS).</li><li>Extensively work with advanced models such as GPT-3.5, GPT 4, Llama, Mistral, BERT etc, for natural language processing and creative content generation using contextual information.</li><li>Design and optimize solutions leveraging Vector databases for efficient storage and retrieval of contextual data for LLMs.</li><li>Understand Business and Sectors, ability to identify the whitespaces and opportunities for analytics application.</li><li>Work and manage large to mid-size projects, and ensure smooth service delivery on assigned products, engagements and/or geographies.</li><li>Work with project Associate Managers to study resource needs and gaps and devise alternative ways forward.</li><li>Provide expert reviews for all projects within the assigned subject.</li><li>Ability to communicate with cross functional/competencies teams.</li><li>Go to Market / Stakeholder Management.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skills And Attributes For Success<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Able to work creatively and systematically in a time-limited, problem-solving environment</li><li>Loyal and reliable with high ethical standards</li><li>Flexible, curious and creative, open for new things and able to propose innovative ideas</li><li>Good interpersonal skills</li><li>Team player, open, pleasure to work with and positive in a group dynamic</li><li>Intercultural intelligence and experience of working in more than one country and/or multi-cultural teams with distributed delivery experience</li><li>Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously to meet tight deadlines and drive projects to completion with minimal supervision<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>To qualify for the role, you must have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Experience of guiding teams on Projects focusing on AI/Data Science and Communicating results to clients</li><li>Familiar in implementing solutions in Azure Cloud Framework</li><li>Excellent Presentation Skills</li><li>2+ years of relevant work experience in developing and implementing AI, Machine Learning Models- experience of deployment in Azure is preferred</li><li>Experience in application of statistical techniques like Linear and Non-Linear Regression/classification/optimization, Forecasting and Text analytics.</li><li>Familiarity with deep learning and machine learning algorithms and the use of popular AI/ML frameworks</li><li>Minimum 2 years of experience in working with NLP, NLG, LLM, DL Techniques</li><li>Relevant understanding of Deep Learning and neural network techniques</li><li>Expertise in implementing applications using open source and proprietary LLM models</li><li>Proficient in using Langchain-type orchestrators or similar Generative AI workflow management tools</li><li>Minimum of 2-4 years of programming in Python</li><li>Experience with the software development life cycle (SDLC) and principles of product development</li><li>Willingness to mentor team members</li><li>Solid thoughtfulness, technical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Ideally, you’ll also have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ability to think strategically/end-to-end with result-oriented mindset</li><li>Ability to build rapport within the firm and win the trust of clients</li><li>Willingness to travel extensively and to work on client sites / practice office locations<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What We Look For<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>A Team of people with commercial acumen, technical experience and enthusiasm to learn new things in this fast-moving environment</li><li>An opportunity to be a part of market-prominent, multi-disciplinary team of 3000 + professionals, in the only integrated global transaction business worldwide.</li><li>Opportunities to work with EY SaT practices globally with prominent businesses across a range of industries<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What We Offer<br/><br/></strong>EY Global Delivery Services (GDS) is a dynamic and truly global delivery network. We work across six locations – Argentina, China, India, the Philippines, Poland and the UK – and with teams from all EY service lines, geographies and sectors, playing a vital role in the delivery of the EY growth strategy. From accountants to coders to advisory consultants, we offer a wide variety of fulfilling career opportunities that span all business disciplines. In GDS, you will collaborate with EY teams on exciting projects and work with well-known brands from across the globe. We’ll introduce you to an ever-expanding ecosystem of people, learning, skills and insights that will stay with you throughout your career.<br/><br/><ul><li>Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.</li><li>Success, as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.</li><li>Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.</li><li>Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>EY | Building a better working world <br/><br/></strong>EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.<br/><br/>Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.<br/><br/>Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>