---
title: Cyber Security Consultant
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-consultant-at-directorate-of-information-technology-4042567702?position=30&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=FqtsZXkHR8jHsBaXIb3b8w%3D%3D
company: Directorate Of Information Technology
location: Puducherry, Puducherry, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Company Description</strong></p><p>Will be shared during Interview</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Role Description</strong></p><p>This is a full-time on-site role for a Cyber Security Consultant at Puducherry. The Cyber Security Consultant will be responsible for tasks such as ensuring application security, network security, information security, conducting vulnerability assessments, and implementing cybersecurity measures on various projects.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><ul><li>Cybersecurity and Information Security skills</li><li>Application Security and Network Security expertise</li><li>Experience in conducting Vulnerability Assessments</li><li>Knowledge of security tools and technologies</li><li>Certifications such as CISSP, CISM, or CEH are a plus</li><li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, or related field</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>URGENT Requirement: Preferably within 7 days</strong> </p><p><strong>Contact Us:</strong></p><p><strong>Whatsapp - +91-9840074009</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Cyber Security – Resource Requirements</u></strong></p><p><strong>1.   Profile Requirements 1:</strong></p><p> <strong>Designation: </strong><span>Senior Associate </span><span>(</span><strong>IT Operations and Information Security Governance Risk &amp; Compliance)</strong></p><p><span> Experience:</span> <span>8 - 10 Years</span></p><p> <span>Job Location: Puducherry</span></p><p> <span>Duration:</span> <span>Full Time (Contract)</span></p><p> <span>Job Vacancy:</span> <span>01</span></p><p> <strong>Job description</strong></p><p><strong>Senior Associate:</strong><span> (</span><strong><em>IT Operations and Information Security Governance Risk &amp; Compliance</em>)</strong></p><p> <span>Cybersecurity is a critical role within the State responsible for overseeing and managing cybersecurity measurements from initiation through completion. This role requires a strong understanding of cybersecurity principles and practices, as well as excellent project management skills. The Senior Associate - Cybersecurity will collaborate with cross-functional Departments to ensure that cybersecurity was on boarded and ensure the Secured environment in all departments and in accordance with security best practices.</span></p><p><strong>Key Responsibility of the Role:</strong></p><p>Ø <span>Accountable executive for providing overall direction and oversight of the strategy, development, implementation, and administration of information assurance and security policies, plans, and controls that will protect competitive governance information.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Ensure effective functioning of the Information Security function – Preparing, managing policies &amp; procedures, hardening of infrastructure processes.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Develops and executes security risk, audit and incident management, disaster recovery and business continuity plans. </span></p><p>Ø <span>Manage the Information Security Annual Operating Plan and budget and ensure adequate resources are allocated to support the function </span></p><p>Ø <span>Drive adherence to Advisories, Circulars, Cert-In compliance and audits. </span></p><p>Ø <span>Develop and manage the security incident response plan and ensure it is regularly tested and updated.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Conduct regular risk assessments and vulnerability assessments to identify potential security risks, and develop and execute plans to mitigate these risks.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Collaborates with Departments and Management and other technology teams to develop long term plans and objectives, incorporating security.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Collaborate with other functional areas of the departments, including legal, IT and operations, to ensure that security requirements are integrated into processes</span></p><p>Ø <span>Drives for results-focus and high-performance oriented, including developing metrics/KPIs, SLAs, and continuous improvements programs to deliver transparency and accountability.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Serve as a subject matter expert on information security matters and provide guidance and recommendations to senior management and other stakeholders. </span></p><p>Ø <span>IT Security Implementation, Support, Operations, and Governance.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Evaluate the IT Infrastructure and collaborate with all Departments to do an in-depth assessment of the risks related to Data, Information Security, and Cyber Security.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Implement best-in-class Software and Hardware implementations and establish best-in-class processes for the risks related to Data, Information Security, and Cyber Security for the Infrastructure.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Implement efficient and proactive monitoring mechanism for IT Infrastructure Stability and effective Cybersecurity management.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Prepare Security Risk Dashboard, and present to the higher management on a monthly basis, track the Risks identified and ensure resolution for the risks.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Implement effective Monthly reporting for the IT support and IT Infra metrics and activities, and present the report to the Management.</span></p><p><span>o  </span><span>Responsible for complete IT Infra Life cycle Management, new Technology Acquisition and Technology Refresh as per latest standards</span></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Major Activities expected to perform on the Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>a.    <span>Collaborate with stakeholders to define project objectives, scope, and requirements.</span></p><p>b.    <span>Conduct risk assessments and ensure a clear understanding of cybersecurity goals and constraints.</span></p><p>c.    <span>Develop a comprehensive project plan with defined milestones and timelines.</span></p><p><span>d.    </span><span>Ensure that project deliverables meet security standards and compliance requirements.</span></p><p><span>e.    </span><span>Coordinate with internal and external cybersecurity experts to address technical challenges.</span></p><p><span>f.     </span><span>Identify potential risks and vulnerabilities in cybersecurity projects and develop mitigation strategies.</span></p><p><span>g.    </span><span>Regularly assess the project's security posture and make necessary adjustments to ensure data protection.</span></p><p><span>h.    </span><span>Implement quality control measures to ensure the effectiveness and reliability of cybersecurity solutions.</span></p><p><span>i.     </span><span>Stay updated on relevant cybersecurity laws, regulations, and industry standards.</span></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong><strong> Mandatory Requirements</strong></p><p><br/></p><p>Ø <span>M.Tech or B.Tech / B.E./BCA in Computer Science or Information Technology.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)</span></p><p>Ø <span>Candidate with Security &amp; Compliance certification (CISA, CISM, ISO 27001 LA, etc.) will have added advantage.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Total 8 to 12 years of experience as a security professional &amp; last 2-3 years as CISO.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Expert in security technologies, processes, systems and approaches, global industry security standards, such as ISO 27001, ISO 22301, PCI DSS, SSAE16, etc.</span></p><p>Ø <span>In-depth knowledge of best practices and trends of IT.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Sound management skills, strong leadership and motivational skills</span></p><p>Ø <span>Should be strong in building relationships within the organization and across teams.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Strong knowledge of cybersecurity principles, best practices, and emerging threats.</span></p><p>Ø <span>A strong commitment to maintaining data security and confidentiality.</span></p><p><br/></p><p><span> 2.    </span><strong>Profile Requirement 2:</strong></p><p><strong>Designation:</strong><span> </span> <span>Information Security Associate </span><span>(</span><strong>IT Operations and Information Security Governance Risk &amp; Compliance)</strong></p><p><span>Experience:  3 - 6 Years</span></p><p><span>Job Location: Puducherry</span></p><p><span>Duration: Full Time (Contract)</span></p><p><span>Job Vacancy: 03</span></p><p> <strong>Job description</strong></p><p><strong>Information Security Associate:</strong><span> (</span><strong><em>IT Operations and Information Security Governance Risk &amp; Compliance</em>)</strong></p><p> <span>Cybersecurity is a critical role within the State responsible for overseeing and managing cybersecurity measurements from initiation through completion. This role requires a strong understanding of cybersecurity principles and practices. The Information Security Associate - Cybersecurity will collaborate with cross-functional Departments and plays a key role in safeguarding the departments, systems, networks, and data. The position is responsible for aiding in the design and build of Information Security capabilities, participate in the management/operations of these capabilities, alongside supporting technologies. </span></p><p><strong>Key Responsibility of the Role:</strong></p><p>Ø <span>Understanding of security events and situations.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Identifying potential threats and performing enhancements to existing cyber security measures as per specifications or policy guidelines.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Hands on experience working in 24*7 operations, handling security alerts, Incident triage and investigation.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Good understanding of Cyber security, Phishing analysis etc.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Preparing RCA document and daily/weekly/monthly reports Maintaining and improving Playbooks, use case fine tuning.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Responsibilities include cyber threat analysis support and recommending appropriate remediation and mitigation.</span></p><p>Ø <span>Play a hands-on role in the engineering, implementation, and operations of security measures that protect the computer systems, networks, and information</span></p><p>o  <span>Aid in disaster recovery planning and operations and data backups when needed</span></p><p>o  <span>Documentation (Administrative &amp; Technical)</span></p><p>o  <span>Managing User Issues with Certificates/Key Management Services</span></p><p>o  <span>Metrics, Monitoring, and Reporting</span></p><p>o  <span>Infrastructure Management</span></p><p>o  <span>Provide day-to-day administration and support for infrastructure related to API, application security, firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection systems, secrets management, vulnerability scanning, security monitoring tools, penetration testing, authentication, web filtering, identity management, or access control systems, and associated logs/processes</span></p><p>o  <span>Works closely with Senior Associate (Information Security program) to convey technical impacts on timeline and risks</span></p><p>o  <span>Work independently in identifying opportunities to improve operational or other performance for Security, Information Technology</span></p><p>o  <span>Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned</span></p><p><strong> </strong></p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong><strong> Mandatory Requirements</strong></p><p>Ø Bachelor's degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Science, Information Technology) with <span>minimum of 3 years in Information Security</span></p><p>Ø 3 – 6 Years proven Technical experience with a focus on cybersecurity.</p><p>Ø Strong knowledge of cybersecurity principles, best practices, and emerging threats.</p><p>Ø Experience with risk management, vulnerability assessment, and compliance.</p><p>Ø A strong commitment to maintaining data security and confidentiality.</p><p>Ø <span>Certifications in audit, big data, cloud, cybersecurity, governance, information security, privacy, risk preferred. </span></p><p>Ø <span>Proven ability to organize/manage multiple priorities coupled with the flexibility to quickly adapt to ever-changing business needs</span></p><p>Ø <span>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to convert information into practical deliverables. Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems.</span></p><p>Ø <span>DevOps, Engineering and/or Operations background</span></p><p>Ø <span>Good understanding of security landscape as a whole</span></p><p>Ø <span>Strong and efficient problem-solving and analytical skills, willingness to learn</span></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>