---
title: Senior Engineer, Information Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-engineer-information-security-at-linkedin-4042515582?position=23&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=u3X8%2Fu1vyrwT0sy7vQYQ9w%3D%3D
company: LinkedIn
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          About Linkedin<br/>LinkedIn is the world’s largest professional network, built to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. Our products help people make powerful connections, discover exciting opportunities, build necessary skills, and gain valuable insights every day. We’re also committed to providing transformational opportunities for our own employees by investing in their growth. We aspire to create a culture that’s built on trust, care, inclusion, and fun – where everyone can succeed. Join us to transform the way the world works.<br/><br/>This role will be based in Bangalore, India.<br/><br/>At LinkedIn, we trust each other to do our best work where it works best for us and our teams. This role offers a hybrid work option, meaning you can both work from home and commute to a LinkedIn office, depending on what’s best for you and when it is important for your team to be together.<br/><br/>About the team<br/>LinkedIn's members entrust us with their information every day and we take their security seriously. Our core value of putting our members first powers all the decisions we make, including how we manage and protect the data of our members and customers. We never stop working to ensure LinkedIn is secure. We follow industry standards and have developed our own best practices to stay ahead of the increasing number of threats facing all Internet services and infrastructure. LinkedIn is looking for an experienced Senior Incident Response Engineer to be an integral part of our Information Security organization. The Incident Response team is responsible for protecting our infrastructure, applications, and, most importantly, our members. This role will be responsible for playing a key role in our security monitoring and incident response team.<br/><br/>The role is a Senior position, coming in with years of real world experience in responding and leading incident investigations, developing playbooks, and continually striving to improve processes and response times. Additionally as a Senior, a successful candidate will help lead the continued improvements, mentor more junior team members, while acting as a lead during large scale incidents. <br/><br/>Responsibilities:<br/>Independently triage security alerts and incident reports. <br/>Investigate incidents using available resources, forensic and threat hunting skills. <br/>Drive small to medium scale incidents with multiple team members and partner teams to closure.<br/>Conduct host, network, and log analysis in support of incident response investigations<br/>Enhance our in-house incident response platforms and build new capabilities.<br/>Participate in oncall activities.<br/>Work with partner teams including: PR, HR, Legal, Compliance, Investigations, Microsoft CDOC, Engineering, EPE. <br/>Work in a team environment to drive large scale incidents to closure and full remediation. <br/>Contribute to improving processes, procedures and technologies used by the team. <br/>Provide feedback to detection engineering team about accuracy and quality of detections<br/>Provide proactive and accurate data to all stakeholders for internal communication<br/>Help uplift entire team by providing demonstration of new processes or training on systems <br/>Support mentoring and technical development of incident response engineers<br/><br/>Basic Qualifications:<br/>BA/BS degree in Information Security, CyberSecurity, Computer Science, or other related technical disciplines, or equivalent practical experience<br/>4+ years experience in Information Security, with 3+ years experience in Incident Response as part of that experience.  <br/>Incident response experience should include:<br/>Experience with triaging security alerts.<br/>Experience with incident lifecycle and incident handling.<br/>Experience with log analysis<br/>Experience with SIEM solutions<br/>Experience with Windows and Unix operating systems logs.<br/>Experience with Web Server logs. <br/>Experience with EDR solutions<br/>Experience with system level analysis - windows, linux, and mac. <br/>Experience with 1 or more of these areas: <br/>System Forensics<br/>Network Forensics<br/>Cloud Forensics<br/>SOAR/Security Orchestration<br/>Threat Intelligence<br/><br/>Preferred Qualifications:<br/>Master’s degree in Information Security,  CyberSecurity, Computer Science, or other related technical disciplines.<br/>Developer experience, the ability to understand source code and develop scripts. <br/>Practical threat hunting experience with open source tool chain<br/>Scripting knowledge to automate repetitive, time consuming and error prone activities using a general purpose scripting language (ex: Python)<br/>Prior experience with malware analysis<br/><br/>You will Benefit from our Culture:<br/>We strongly believe in the well-being of our employees and their families. That is why we offer generous health and wellness programs and time away for employees of all levels<br/><br/>​​LinkedIn is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices.   <br/><br/>Suggested Skills:<br/>Cyber Security<br/>Incident lifecycle and incident handling<br/>SIEM and EDR Solutions<br/><br/>India Disability Policy<br/>LinkedIn is an equal employment opportunity employer offering opportunities to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. For more information on our equal opportunity policy, please visit https://legal.linkedin.com/content/dam/legal/Policy_India_EqualOppPWD_9-12-2023.pdf<br/><br/>Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates<br/>This document provides transparency around the way in which LinkedIn handles personal data of employees and job applicants: https://legal.linkedin.com/candidate-portal
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>