---
title: Chronicle Security Consultant
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chronicle-security-consultant-at-deloitte-4044582227?position=19&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=lZS1m9bcxERSgnBl9Osg2A%3D%3D
company: Deloitte
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Experience: 4 to 7 years</strong></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li>Monitor and analyze security events and incidents in real-time using QRadar SIEM.</li><li>Investigate and respond to security incidents escalated by L1 analysts or detected by QRadar.</li><li>Perform log analysis and correlation to identify potential security threats and vulnerabilities.</li><li>Develop and implement SIEM use cases, rules, and alerts to improve the detection and response capabilities.</li><li>Collaborate with the security operations team to develop and execute incident response plans.</li><li>Conduct incident investigations, including containment, eradication, and recovery activities.</li><li>Assist in vulnerability management activities, including scanning, assessment, and remediation.</li><li>Stay up-to-date with the latest threat intelligence, security technologies, and industry best practices.</li><li>Provide guidance and support to L1 analysts in handling security events and incidents.</li><li>Generate reports and metrics on security events, incidents, and SIEM performance.</li><li>Building of incident reports, advisories and review if SLA has been met for Incident alerting and Incident closure.</li><li>Update and maintain SOC knowledge base for new security incidents and docs.</li><li>Review advisories and make necessary detection measures.</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ol><li>Proven experience working with SIEM / Sentinel / Chronicle, QRadar SIEM and other security tools.</li><li>Ability to drive call and summarizing it post discussion.</li><li>Deep understanding on Windows, DB, Mail cluster, VM and Linux commands.</li><li>Good Understanding of Firewall, IDP/IPS, SIEM functioning</li><li>Strong understanding of network protocols, TCP/IP, and security technologies.</li><li>Familiarity with log analysis and correlation techniques.</li><li>Knowledge of security incident response methodologies and best practices.</li><li>Understanding of common security frameworks (e.g., NIST, ISO 27001).</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li></ol>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>