---
title: Analyst - Cyber Risk
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analyst-cyber-risk-at-amagi-corporation-4045325068?position=29&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=9SgY7%2FBvZJ%2BEMAhDD5Be8g%3D%3D
company: Amagi Corporation
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-09
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          We are a next-generation media technology company that provides cloud broadcast and targeted advertising solutions to broadcast TV and streaming TV platforms. Amagi enables content owners to launch, distribute, and monetize live linear channels on Free Ad-supported Streaming TV and video services platforms. Amagi also offers 24x7 cloud-managed services bringing simplicity, advanced automation, and transparency to the entire broadcast operations. Overall, Amagi supports 700+ content brands, 800+ playout chains, and over 2500 channel deliveries on its platform in over 40 countries. Amagi has a presence in New York, Los Angeles, Toronto, London, Paris, Melbourne, Seoul, Singapore, and broadcast operations in New Delhi, and an innovation center in Bangalore.<br/><br/><strong>For more information: </strong>www.amagi.com<br/><br/><strong>Purpose of the role<br/><br/></strong>This role has been established to carry out the efforts required for standardizing security practices across Amagi and ensure continued compliance to Amagi's contractual, legal and security framework requirements . A potential candidate must possess a good understanding of the business, product, and engineering functions in the company. The focus is to sustain and maintain a risk based security framework. Continuous monitoring and validation of cyber security controls is crucial in enabling customer trust and providing the expected cyber security assurance.<br/><br/><strong>What are we looking for in potential candidates?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Be a team player</li><li> Be hands-on at work</li><li> Believe in adopting an innovative approach towards cybersecurity risk management</li><li> Willingness to learn technical aspects of security</li><li> Self starter<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Who will the role report into?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> This role will report to the Associate Director - Cyber Risk<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What is the scope of operation?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Product and Engineering</li><li> Enterprise IT Security Controls (required for compliance exercise)<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What is the desired outcome in the next two years?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Sustainable internal security audit and assessment methodology</li><li> Continuous monitoring and reporting of risk posture of the organization</li><li> Rigor in monitoring the implementation effectiveness of the controls<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> To thoroughly understand Amagi's cyber risk framework and the Information Security Standards in the context of Amagi products and their business case</li><li> Build sustainable and effective dashboards for continuous monitoring and scoring of risk</li><li> To thoroughly understand security compliance requirements and validate their effectiveness across engineering, product verticals and support functions</li><li> To continuously monitor the controls and highlight any deviations</li><li> To support products to achieve required security compliance certifications</li><li> Ensure all security documentation is current and relevant<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Requirements<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Basic understanding and working knowledge in AWS / GCP</li><li> Working knowledge in the usage of bug tracking (Jira) and service management tools</li><li> Hands on experience in security control validation for cloud based SaaS environments</li><li> Understanding of Security Frameworks, risk management</li><li> Basic understanding about the product features and their workflow</li><li> Good documentation skills<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Work Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 2-4 Years of Security Governance, Risk Management and Compliance in cloud environments</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>