---
title: Analyst - Forensics - National - ASU - Forensics - Investigations & Compliance - Mumbai
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analyst-forensics-national-asu-forensics-investigations-compliance-mumbai-at-ey-4046414384?position=18&pageNum=0&refId=R2LlmoX6s73oWz9K3Iu2QA%3D%3D&trackingId=zrTl%2BTs7BAi5CUHISQMQDg%3D%3D
company: EY
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Requisition Id : 1548642<br/><br/>Analyst – FIDS<br/><br/>The Third-Party Due Diligence team is a part of the Forensics and Integrity Services (Forensics) provided by EY. It particularly investigates conducting background checks on the vendors or other affiliated parties of the clients in order to understand the risk involved while getting into possible business relations with such third parties. The information is extracted by conducting secondary research using subscribed databases and public domain information sources.<br/><br/>Opportunity within EY Forensics and Integrity Services team in supporting on legal support aspects, including but not limited to, e-discovery, document review, legal research, contract abstractions and regulatory compliance engagements targeted towards global organization.<br/><br/>Your key responsibilities<br/><br/><ul><li> Planning and management</li><li> Conducting audit/assessment/reviews in different cities</li><li> Report reviewing</li><li> Any other tasks that may deemed fit as per the requirement<br/><br/></li></ul>Hiring duration:<br/><br/><ul><li> 1 month contract (With possibility od extension)<br/><br/></li></ul>Skills and attributes for success<br/><br/><ul><li> Excellent oral and written abilities</li><li> Proven relationship development and project management skills</li><li> Strategic, operational and financial analysis acumen</li><li> Ability to work independently once provided with direction</li><li> Willingness to travel<br/><br/></li></ul>To qualify for the role, you must have:<br/><br/><ul><li> A recognized University Degree in a related discipline</li><li> This may include an undergraduate or post-graduate degree in Management/Business Administration, Law Engineering, Business Information/Technology, Finance, Public Administration, Data Sciences, etc<br/><br/></li></ul>Ideally you’ll also have<br/><br/>The person will be required to gather data from multiple sources, check the authenticity of the same data with the client objectives and presenting it in the desired format. The person will be responsible for his/her own output and has to make sure that the information gathered and presented is 100% correct<br/><br/>What we look for<br/><br/>People with the ability to work in a collaborative way to provide services across multiple client departments while adhering to commercial and legal requirements. You will need a practical approach to solving issues and complex problems with the ability to deliver insightful and practical solutions.<br/><br/>What working at EY offers<br/><br/>EY is committed to being an inclusive employer and we are happy to consider flexible working arrangements. We strive to achieve the right balance for our people, enabling us to deliver excellent client service whilst allowing you to build your career without sacrificing your personal priorities. While our client-facing professionals can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites, our flexible working arrangements can help you to achieve a lifestyle balance.<br/><br/><strong>About EY<br/><br/></strong>As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. And with a commitment to hiring and developing the most passionate people, we’ll make our ambition to be the best employer by 2020 a reality.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>