---
title: Cybersecurity Specialist I - Core Services
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cybersecurity-specialist-i-core-services-at-expeditors-4047066767?position=45&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=2LsF4AJiG9nyMRsf6nn9qg%3D%3D
company: Expeditors
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-10-09
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Company Description<br/><br/></strong>ISGlobal Service Center (GSC) operating from Chennai, India, is a part of IS supporting Expeditors IT operations.IS GSC started with 6 employees now we are 460+ employees today delivering world class Information services globally. This Product based Strategic Center's IT transformation hasdelivered a radical change to Expeditors IT manpowerprofile and skills overthe past three years and will continue to deliver services as we continue to grow responsibly in the coming years.<br/><br/>Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. As a Fortune 500 company, founded in 1979 we have employed over 18,000+ trained professionals in a worldwide network of over 340+ locations across six continents. Expeditors satisfies the increasingly sophisticated needs of international trade through customized solutions and seamless, integrated information systems.<br/><br/><strong>Summary<br/><br/></strong>Job Description<br/><br/>The Expeditors Cybersecurity Team provides industry-leading services to our customers by protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data and our customers’ electronic data. We mitigate corporate risk through analysis of threat, potential threat actors and actions and a risk-based methodology based on deep understanding of our own infrastructure and potential impacts from cyber events. Strategically, cybersecurity activities both improve our security posture and reduce long-term resource requirements.<br/><br/>The Cybersecurity team is highly collaborative and communicative within our team, within the IS department, and within the company as a whole. Excellent customer service is always top priority. Expeditors recognizes how critical cybersecurity is to the delivery of our mission, and our interactions with customers and our own team reflects the contribution we make.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Proactively monitor systems for any signs of unauthorized access, data breaches, or other security threats. </li><li>Respond to cybersecurity incidents in a timely and effective manner, following established procedures and protocols. </li><li>Create detailed reports and documentation on incidents, including the actions taken and lessons learned. </li><li>Develop strategies to prevent future security incidents by identifying vulnerabilities and implementing countermeasures. </li><li>Provide support and guidance to colleagues on incident response procedures and best practices. </li><li>Conduct thorough post-incident analysis to identify areas for improvement in response and prevention strategies. </li><li>Produce detailed incident reports and technical briefs for management, system administrators, and other key stakeholders. </li><li>Communicate with stakeholders, including management, technical teams, and external parties, about incident status and response efforts. </li><li>Stay updated on current cybersecurity threats and incident response methodologies. </li><li>Manage Internal/External SSL certificates to ensure secure communication channels. </li><li>Certifications such as Certified Ethical hacker (CEH) are preferred. <br/><br/></li></ul>Qualifications<br/><br/><strong>Essential Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Security, or a related field. Relevant certifications (e.g., CEH, CISSP, GCIH) are a plus. </li><li>Minimum 4-5 years of experience in cybersecurity, with at least 1 year in a SOC environment. </li><li>Proficiency in using SIEM tools, IDS/IPS systems, endpoint security solutions, and network analysis tools. Familiarity with scripting (Python, PowerShell) is beneficial. </li><li>Strong understanding of TCP/IP, network protocols, firewalls, VPNs, and other security technologies. In-depth knowledge of incident detection and response processes. </li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex security concepts to non-technical stakeholders. </li><li>Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment. </li><li>Witting technical documents for the supporting technologies</li><li>A constructive approach to problem-solving and risk mitigation</li><li>A constructive approach to problem-solving and risk mitigation<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Develop strategies to prevent future security incidents by identifying vulnerabilities and implementing countermeasures. </li><li>Demonstrate familiarity with scripting languages (Python, PowerShell, Regex) and experience with vulnerability management and penetration testing. </li><li>Be proficient in using various security tools and technologies. </li><li>Stay updated on current cybersecurity threats and incident response methodologies. </li><li>Possess industry-recognized security certifications such as Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) or CompTIA Security+. </li><li>Develop incident response plans and conduct tabletop exercises. <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>REPORTING STRUCTURE <br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Team Manager, CSRM Portfolio<br/><br/></li></ul>Additional Information<br/><br/>Expeditors offers excellent benefits:<br/><br/><ul><li>Paid Vacation, Holiday</li><li>Health Plan: Medical Insurance</li><li>Employee Stock Purchase Plan</li><li>Training and Education Programs</li><li>Unlimited opportunities for career advancement</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>