---
title: Security Analyst/Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-analyst-engineer-at-carmeuse-4049410950?position=28&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=E2eMS6wR9omLnbmmj00nww%3D%3D
company: Carmeuse
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>As a Security Analyst/Engineer, you will be responsible for supporting the security operations of our organization by assisting in the monitoring, detection, and response to security incidents. This role offers a blend of security analysis and engineering tasks. This position offers a progression from foundational knowledge to more advanced responsibilities, allowing you to contribute significantly to the organization's cybersecurity efforts.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities:<br/><br/></strong><em><strong>Security monitoring and analysis<br/><br/></strong></em><ul><li>You assist in monitoring security events and alerts from various sources such as SIEM, IDS/IPS, antivirus systems, and endpoint detection platforms</li><li>You conduct initial analysis of security events to determine their nature and potential impact on the organization</li><li>You collaborate with senior analysts to investigate and respond to security incidents, including malware infections, phishing attempts, and unauthorized access attempts.<br/><br/></li></ul><em><strong>Incident response<br/><br/></strong></em><ul><li>You contribute to incident response activities by providing technical assistance during security incidents, including containment, eradication, and recovery efforts</li><li>You document incident response procedures, develop post-incident reports, and conduct lessons learned sessions to improve incident handling capabilities</li><li>You implement proactive measures to enhance incident detection and response capabilities, such as developing playbooks for common attack scenarios.<br/><br/></li></ul><em><strong>Vulnerability management<br/><br/></strong></em><ul><li>You support the vulnerability management process by assisting in vulnerability scanning, assessment, and remediation efforts</li><li>You help prioritize and track the resolution of identified vulnerabilities in systems and applications</li><li>You collaborate with system owners and IT teams to ensure timely patching and mitigation of identified vulnerabilities, leveraging automation and orchestration where possible</li><li>You conduct security assessments and penetration tests to identify weaknesses in systems, applications, and network infrastructure.<br/><br/></li></ul><em><strong>Security tool<br/><br/></strong></em><ul><li>You assist in the administration and configuration of security tools and technologies, such as firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, and endpoint security solutions</li><li>You participate in the evaluation and testing of new security technologies to enhance the organization's security posture</li><li>You optimize the configuration and tuning of security tools and technologies to improve detection accuracy, reduce false positives, and enhance overall effectiveness</li><li>You evaluate emerging security technologies and solutions, recommending and implementing enhancements to the security toolset based on industry best practices and organizational requirements.<br/><br/></li></ul><em><strong>Security awareness and training<br/><br/></strong></em><ul><li>You support security awareness and training initiatives by assisting in the development of educational materials and delivering security awareness briefings to staff.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications and Skills:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Security, or related field</li><li>3-5 years of experience in a cybersecurity role with progressively increasing responsibilities</li><li>Strong understanding of cybersecurity principles, threat landscape, and attack methodologies</li><li>Proficiency in security tools and technologies such as SIEM, EDR, IDS/IPS, firewalls, and vulnerability scanners</li><li>Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills</li><li>Effective communication and stakeholder management abilities</li><li>Certifications such as CompTIA Security+, CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker), or equivalent are a plus.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Demonstrated experience in conducting security analysis, incident response, and vulnerability management in a complex environment</li><li>Hands-on experience with security tool optimization, security assessments, and penetration testing</li><li>Proven track record of incident response efforts and effectively managing security incidents from detection to resolution.<br/><br/></li></ul><em><strong>Career development <br/><br/></strong></em>This role offers a valuable opportunity for career growth and development in the field of cybersecurity. As you gain experience and proficiency, you will have the opportunity to progress into more specialized roles such as Senior Security Analyst, Incident Responder, or Security Engineer. Continued learning and professional certifications will be encouraged to enhance your skills and knowledge in the cybersecurity domain.<br/><br/><strong>Your Team <br/><br/></strong>Global cyber security team has the mission to enable Carmeuse digitalization strategy without security compromises. The cyber team is composed of regional senior security managers, cyber architects based around the globe with major presence in US, Belgium &amp; Romania. Global cyber team is in charge of security design, delivery and operations to safeguard Carmeuse digital IT &amp; OT footprint. Working with our cybersecurity team, you'll be at the forefront of innovation designed to strengthen our operations.<br/><br/><strong>Your Manager <br/><br/></strong>Victor Alexandrescu, 45 years old, is the leader of the team. With more than 20 years' experience, he brings a wealth of practical knowledge to the role. Victor joined Carmeuse 1 year ago. His management style is direct and based on trust and support. He focuses on efficiency and continuous improvement, always looking for ways to optimize processes and enhance team performance. He promotes a mindset centered on proactive problem-solving and achieving tangible results.<br/><br/><strong>Why Should You Join?<br/><br/></strong>We truly believe that where you work matters and, as a family business, we know what makes our employees happy!<br/><br/><ul><li>Permanent contract</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Home working policy</li><li>Competitive salary package and benefits</li><li>A lot of growing possibilities</li><li>A strong HR and training policy to develop your skills</li><li>Work life balance<br/><br/></li></ul>#Hybrid<br/><br/><strong>The Recruitment Process:<br/><br/></strong>If you apply for this great position, you could go through these different steps:<br/><br/><ul><li>Georges Mensah-Boateng, our Talent Acquisition Lead will analyze your Résumé and cover letter</li><li>A first "Teams" interview will be scheduled with Georges. You will take 2 personality questionnaires. He will want to know more about you, as a person and as a professional. He will assess your motivations and answer to your questions</li><li>You will have a second interview with Victor Alexandrescu (our Cybersecurity Delivery Manager) and Aurelie Mordant (our HRBP).</li><li>The last interview will take place with Stavros Georgakopoulos (our Cyber Security Architect), Rusty Gavin (our OT Cyber Security Lead) and Eugene Marchenko (our IT Security Director).</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>