---
title: Hiring Cyber Stars for ASM-VAPT Role in Mumbai & Gurgaon
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/hiring-cyber-stars-for-asm-vapt-role-in-mumbai-gurgaon-at-deloitte-4050828497?position=2&pageNum=0&refId=CQHtusRZgzA9pIs%2Bro5K4Q%3D%3D&trackingId=%2Bf4wYxlMrQEA5IM5ZbrlUg%3D%3D
company: Deloitte
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>our potential, unleashed.</p><p>India’s impact on the global economy has increased at an exponential rate and Deloitte presents</p><p>an opportunity to unleash and realize your potential amongst cutting edge leaders, and</p><p>organizations shaping the future of the region, and indeed, the world beyond.</p><p>At Deloitte, your whole self to work, every day. Combine that with our drive to propel with purpose</p><p>and you have the perfect playground to collaborate, innovate, grow, and make an impact that</p><p>matters.</p><p><br/></p><p>The team</p><p>Technology &amp; Transformation is about much more than just the numbers. It’s about attesting to accomplishments</p><p>and challenges and helping to assure strong foundations for future aspirations. Deloitte exemplifies</p><p>the what, how, and why of change so you’re always ready to act ahead. Learn more about Cyber Practice.</p><p><br/></p><p>Your work profile</p><p>As a part of our Technology &amp; Transformation team, you’ll build and nurture positive working relationships with</p><p>teams and clients with the intention to exceed client expectations. You’ll:</p><p><br/></p><p>Role Description :- VAPT</p><p> </p><p>Work you’ll do As a part of our Technology &amp; Transformation team you’ll build and nurture positive working relationships with teams and clients with the intention to exceed client expectations.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Role and Responsibilities </u></strong> :</p><p>• Works on projects with clearly defined guidelines as team member with responsibility for project delivery</p><p>• Works under general supervision with few direct instructions</p><p>• Performs cyber security assessments which includes vulnerability assessment &amp; penetration testing, network security architecture review, secure configuration / code review, etc.</p><p>• Understands basic business and information technology management processes.</p><p>• Demonstrates knowledge of firm's methodologies, frameworks, and tools</p><p>• Participate in practice development initiatives The key skills required are as follows:</p><p>• Understanding of basic business and information technology management processes</p><p>• Good knowledge of TCP/ IP and Networks including Firewall, IDS/IPS, Routers, Switches, and network architecture</p><p>• Experience in Infrastructure Penetration Testing and Application Security Testing</p><p>• Experience in Secure Code Review (Code Security Review)</p><p>• Experience in conducting configuration reviews of Windows, Linux, UNIX, Solaris, Databases, etc.</p><p>• Experience with Vulnerability Management tools: Kali Linux, Acunetix, AppScan, Nexpose, Qualys Guard, Nessus, Nmap, Metasploit, Fortify etc.</p><p>• Experience in basic scripting such as: Shell, Python, PERL, etc.</p><p>• Basic knowledge of Technologies such as: IPSEC, SSL, SSH, VPN, Ethernet Token Ring, WAP, SMTP, FTP, Frame Relay, WAN, ATM, FDDI, DSL, ISDN, HP Openview, Sun NetManage, Cisco Works, Radius, Big Brother, F5</p><p><br/></p><p>How you’ll grow</p><p><strong>Connect for impact</strong></p><p>Our exceptional team of professionals across the globe are solving some of the world’s most</p><p>complex business problems, as well as directly supporting our communities, the planet, and each</p><p>other. Know more in our Global Impact Report and our India Impact Report.</p><p><strong>Empower to lead</strong></p><p>You can be a leader irrespective of your career level. Our colleagues are characterised by their</p><p>ability to inspire, support, and provide opportunities for people to deliver their best and grow both</p><p>as professionals and human beings. Know more about Deloitte and our One Young World</p><p>partnership.</p><p><strong>Inclusion for all</strong></p><p>At Deloitte, people are valued and respected for who they are and are trusted to add value to their</p><p>clients, teams and communities in a way that reflects their own unique capabilities. Know more</p><p>about everyday steps that you can take to be more inclusive. At Deloitte, we believe in the unique</p><p>skills, attitude and potential each and every one of us brings to the table to make an impact that</p><p>matters.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Drive your career</strong></p><p>At Deloitte, you are encouraged to take ownership of your career. We recognize there is no one</p><p>size fits all career path, and global, cross-business mobility and up / re-skilling are all within the</p><p>range of possibilities to shape a unique and fulfilling career. Know more about Life at Deloitte.</p><p><br/></p><p>Everyone’s welcome… entrust your happiness to us</p><p>Our workspaces and initiatives are geared towards your 360-degree happiness. This includes</p><p>specific needs you may have in terms of accessibility, flexibility, safety and security, and</p><p>caregiving. Here’s a glimpse of things that are in store for you.</p><p><br/></p><p>Interview tips</p><p>We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared, confident and</p><p>comfortable. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research, know some</p><p>background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting</p><p>tips from Deloitte professionals.</p><p><br/></p><p>To take the next step and join our progressive and motivated team, please contact Shweta Das</p><p>at <strong><u>shwedas@deloitte.com</u></strong></p><p></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>