---
title: Digital Forensic Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/digital-forensic-analyst-at-r-s-patel-co-4054358511?position=22&pageNum=0&refId=R2LlmoX6s73oWz9K3Iu2QA%3D%3D&trackingId=3vFcAL8fFLW1lx264iIqXQ%3D%3D
company: R S PATEL & CO.
location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
posted_date: 2024-10-21
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Skills:<br/></strong>digital forensic, fraud investigation, data extraction, data collection/processing/analysis, Forensically handling electronic data, Digital Evidence, fraud &amp; mail backup,<br/><br/><strong>Company Overview<br/><br/></strong>R S Patel &amp; Co is a renowned financial services company that was established in 1967. We provide a wide range of professional services in the areas of Auditing, Accounting, Tax, and Finance. Our expertise extends to Turn Around Consultancy, Forensic Audit, Due Diligence, GRC Advisory, and more. With a strong team of qualified professionals, we are committed to delivering excellence and serving our clients with integrity.<br/><br/><strong>Job Overview<br/><br/></strong>We are seeking a talented Digital Forensic Analyst to join our team at R S Patel &amp; Co . As a Digital Forensic Analyst, you will be responsible for investigating and analyzing digital evidence in order to support legal proceedings, incident response, and risk assessments. This is a junior-level position, suitable for candidates with 1 to 3 years of experience in digital forensics.<br/><br/><strong>Qualifications And Skills<br/><br/></strong>Bachelors / Masters in Digital Forensic / Information Security Any industry recognised certification will be an added advantage<br/><br/><strong>Candidate Profile<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Having experience in Digital Forensics Investigations; Either worked on private</li><li>corporate cases in fraud investigation or assisted Govt. bodies (Income- Tax/CBI/GST Dept. etc.) in data collection/processing/analysis.<br/><br/></li></ul>Roles and Responsibilities<br/><br/><ul><li>Acquiring digital data from Computers/Laptops, Mobile Phones, External Storage</li><li>Devices, Cloud and Mail Backup, Servers</li><li>Extraction of data from the collected Forensic Images for further processing</li><li>Recovery Procedure with Hashing Integrity of the Digital Evidence</li><li>Forensically handling electronic data</li><li>Reporting/Documentation of Collaborative evidences</li><li>Perform review and analysis of data as per case requirement</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>