---
title: Cyber Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-at-wipro-4056280740?position=3&pageNum=2&refId=%2BKitnSTV%2Bn1OxcdSKJqWvQ%3D%3D&trackingId=Zb8lHM8w0wyB1rEGDV2cTw%3D%3D
company: Wipro
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong><u>Required Skills</u></strong></p><p><br/></p><p>Location : Bangalore &amp; Hyderabad only</p><p>NP : Max 30 days </p><p>i.7+ years of experience as a Cyber Threat Intelligence analyst, conducting all-source intelligence with a focus on cyber threat analysis or a combination of intelligence and research with threat detection or incident response work</p><p>ii. Experience in and understand Cyber Threat Modelling (e.g., STRIDE) to identify potential threats.</p><p>iii. Experience in intelligence frameworks and collaboration platforms (MITRE ATT&amp;CK, CAPEC, MISP, etc.)</p><p>iv. Expertise in honeypots/honeynets, canaries, and other active deception tools to identify network attacks.</p><p>v. Ability to take initiative and prioritize tasks</p><p>vi. Intimate knowledge about information security threat intelligence and thrive on the details of threat analysis.</p><p>vii. Ability to quickly and effectively digest disparate data sources to determine security implications and risk levels</p><p>viii. General log analysis (cloud services like AWS/Azure/GCP, DNS, email, DHCP, VPN, Firewalls etc.) experience using SIEM or other Security data lake platforms</p><p>ix. Excellent Interpersonal, organizational, writing, communications, and briefing skills</p><p>x. Experience in Threat Validation</p><p>xi. Experience working in an Incident Response team.</p><p>xii. Working level knowledge of the following: Python, C, C++, Assembly language (ASM) is an added advantage.</p><p></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>