---
title: Analyst-Forensic-Mumbai
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analyst-forensic-mumbai-at-kpmg-india-3685548913?position=6&pageNum=0&refId=TbmlGnXPnGhBuzFITnrUHg%3D%3D&trackingId=Xg%2FVJappnafth8mJo3tx0w%3D%3D
company: KPMG India
location: Mumbai Metropolitan Region
posted_date: 2023-07-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong><strong>Job Title: Cyber Security<br/><br/></strong><strong>Function: Forensic Technology<br/><br/></strong><strong>Location(s): Mumbai<br/><br/></strong><strong>Your Responsibilities Will Include<br/><br/></strong>Cyber Incident Response Specialist should analyze and responds to complex and large cyber incidents. Use cyber investigation and cybersecurity tools to identify threats on systems or networks.<br/><br/><ul><li>Conduct analyses related to forensic investigations, cybercrimes, and/or cyberattacks.</li><li>Analyse security logs, monitoring logs, firewall logs and intrusion prevention system logs.</li><li>Perform threat management and protection against threats including malware, phishing, hacking and DDoS.</li><li>Conduct computer forensic analysis, maintaining chain of custody and testifying on evidence collected.</li><li>Malware analysis, reverse engineering and decoding the threat behavior.</li><li>Investigate and provide recommendations to identify gaps from the incident.</li><li>Advise clients on how to improve their cyber incident readiness.</li><li>Review and update incident management procedures.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Familiarity with Cyber Kill Chain Methodology, MITRE ATT&amp;CK Framework, NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF), etc.<br/><br/>Additionally, Cyber Incident Response Specialist should develop and maintain thorough, up-to-date knowledge of cybersecurity threats and incident response best practices. Collaborate with peers and stakeholders to establish and ensure consistent response practices and prioritization of security events.<br/><br/><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Btech/ Mtech/ MCA/BCA</li><li>Relevant certifications in cybersecurity, e.g., CISSP, CEH, CISM, GCIH, GCFA, GNFA or similar.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>