---
title: Content Writer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/content-writer-at-wrackle-3788664212?position=9&pageNum=7&refId=oyzCTOvo%2BU2aavBEwvxZoQ%3D%3D&trackingId=KNxm%2F6PCcnKQ90kP1DYmig%3D%3D
company: Wrackle
location: Bagalur, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2023-11-25
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong><strong>What You Will Be Doing<br/><br/></strong></strong><ul><li> Writing articles for the Merkle Science blog about breaking cybercrime news, regulatory updates and recent investigations conducted by our intelligence team.</li><li> Developing and sharing daily content for company social media channels.</li><li> Drafting and distributing company announcements and service updates.</li><li> Compiling content for quarterly reports using data and research from our intelligence team.</li><li> Identifying and acquiring content syndication agreements with relevant online media channels.</li><li> Monitoring content marketing performance using website, blog, social media and SEO analytics tools.</li><li> Creating presentation materials for sales, education and thought leadership events and engagements.</li><li> Suggesting improvements to content marketing activities.</li><li> Proposing new topics for reports and articles.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong><strong>What Your Background Might Look Like<br/><br/></strong></strong><ul><li> Native-level English (both written and spoken)</li><li> More than five years of journalism or content marketing experience.</li><li> Prior experience working at an enterprise technology company in a content marketing role or a fast-paced newsroom or marketing agency environment is desirable.</li><li> Prior knowledge and experience/interest in one or more of the following domains is preferred: financial services, cybersecurity, regulatory technology, blockchain and cryptocurrency</li><li> Experience working with or for international companies and individuals from a variety of cultural backgrounds<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What Personal Traits You Will Need to Succeed in This Role?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Great at writing - able to create compelling content with minimal direction based on thorough research and rigorous self-editing</li><li> Self-starter - able to work remotely and independently while maintaining high energy and motivation</li><li> Creative problem solver, results-driven and self-motivated</li><li> Well organised with the ability to prioritise workload and use time effectively especially when juggling multiple deadlines</li><li> Ability to handle changing requirements and unforeseen challenges rapidly and positively<br/><br/></li></ul><strong><strong>Who We Are And What We Do<br/><br/></strong></strong>Merkle Science provides blockchain transaction monitoring and intelligence solutions for cryptoasset service providers, financial institutions and government agencies to detect, investigate and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing and other criminal activities. Merkle Science is headquartered in Singapore with offices in Bangalore and Tokyo and backed by Digital Currency Group, Kenetic, SGInnovate and LuneX.<br/><br/>Merkle Science is currently searching for an experienced Content Marketing professional to help boost the firm’s inbound marketing and thought leadership activities.<br/><br/><strong><strong>What You Will Be Doing<br/><br/></strong></strong><ul><li> Writing articles for the Merkle Science blog about breaking cybercrime news, regulatory updates and recent investigations conducted by our intelligence team.</li><li> Developing and sharing daily content for company social media channels.</li><li> Drafting and distributing company announcements and service updates.</li><li> Compiling content for quarterly reports using data and research from our intelligence team.</li><li> Identifying and acquiring content syndication agreements with relevant online media channels.</li><li> Monitoring content marketing performance using website, blog, social media and SEO analytics tools.</li><li> Creating presentation materials for sales, education and thought leadership events and engagements.</li><li> Suggesting improvements to content marketing activities.</li><li> Proposing new topics for reports and articles.<br/><br/></li></ul>What Your Background Might Look Like<br/><br/><ul><li> Native-level English (both written and spoken)</li><li> More than five years of journalism or content marketing experience.</li><li> Prior experience working at an enterprise technology company in a content marketing role or a fast-paced newsroom or marketing agency environment is desirable.</li><li> Prior knowledge and experience/interest in one or more of the following domains is preferred: financial services, cybersecurity, regulatory technology, blockchain and cryptocurrency</li><li> Experience working with or for international companies and individuals from a variety of cultural backgrounds<br/><br/></li></ul>What Personal Traits You Will Need to Succeed in This Role?<br/><br/><ul><li> Great at writing - able to create compelling content with minimal direction based on thorough research and rigorous self-editing</li><li> Self-starter - able to work remotely and independently while maintaining high energy and motivation</li><li> Creative problem solver, results-driven and self-motivated</li><li> Well organised with the ability to prioritise workload and use time effectively especially when juggling multiple deadlines</li><li> Ability to handle changing requirements and unforeseen challenges rapidly and positively<br/><br/></li></ul>Skills:- Content Writing, Blogging, Creative Writing, SEO management, Content Strategy and Content Marketing
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>