---
title: Technology Architect - Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/technology-architect-security-at-kale-logistics-solutions-3916535489?position=58&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=iBjYGG%2Bn6YxcZBK2Jnhh7Q%3D%3D
company: Kale Logistics Solutions
location: Mumbai Metropolitan Region
posted_date: 2024-05-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          We are looking for a Technology Architect - Security for the Mumbai location.<br/><br/><strong>Job Title: </strong>Technology Architect - Security<br/><br/><strong>Location:</strong> Mumbai<br/><br/><strong>Job Overview<br/><br/></strong>Kale Logistics, a leading software SaaS product-based firm, is seeking an experienced and results-oriented Technology Architect specializing in security to lead our security engineering practice. This pivotal role will involve overseeing and optimizing the security of our software products, driving innovation, and ensuring exceptional protection against threats. As a key leader in our organization, the Technology Architect will play a crucial role in enhancing the security, reliability, and resilience of our solutions.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Security Engineering Leadership: Lead and manage the security engineering team to ensure high-quality delivery and continuous improvement in product security.</li><li> Security Architecture Design: Design and implement secure system architectures to support SaaS products and services.</li><li> Security Risk Assessment: Conduct risk assessments and threat modeling to identify potential vulnerabilities and areas for improvement.</li><li> Security Best Practices Implementation: Establish and enforce security engineering best practices and standards across the organization.</li><li> Security Incident Response: Oversee incident response planning and execution, ensuring effective management and mitigation of security breaches.</li><li> Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including developers, testers, product managers, and operations teams, to ensure alignment with security goals.</li><li> Security Monitoring and Reporting: Implement monitoring tools and processes to track system security and generate reports for stakeholders.</li><li> Mentorship and Training: Mentor junior engineers and provide training on security engineering methodologies and tools.</li><li> Innovation and Research: Stay updated with the latest trends and technologies in security engineering and apply them to drive innovation.</li><li> Compliance: Ensure compliance with relevant security standards, regulations, and industry best practices.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Must-Have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, or related field.</li><li> Extensive experience (8+ years) in security engineering, including hands-on experience with security design, risk assessments, and threat modelling.</li><li> Strong understanding of software architecture, design patterns, and distributed systems.</li><li> Proficiency in security tools and practices such as encryption, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems.</li><li> Solid knowledge of programming languages - .net core and angular and databases (e.g., SQL, NoSQL).</li><li> Proven ability to lead and mentor teams, as well as manage complex projects.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Good-to-Have<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) and security solutions specific to cloud environments.</li><li> Familiarity with modern development practices (e.g., CI/CD, DevOps).- Certifications in security engineering or related fields (e.g., CISSP, CISM, CEH).</li><li> Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work under pressure.</li><li> Excellent communication and collaboration skills.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Why Join Kale Logistics<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Opportunity to lead and shape the security engineering practice.</li><li> Collaborative and innovative work environment.</li><li> Competitive salary and benefits package.</li><li> Opportunities for professional growth and development.<br/><br/></li></ul>If you are a passionate and experienced Technology Architect specializing in security and are ready to lead and drive excellence at Kale Logistics, we would love to hear from you. Apply today to be part of our dynamic team and contribute to our mission of delivering world-class SaaS solutions.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>