---
title: Cyber Security Analyst/ Researcher
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-researcher-at-cloudsek-3964676359?position=55&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=iGaMjwmabuNY7sGZQlYrUw%3D%3D
company: CloudSEK
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-07-02
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>WHO ARE WE?<br/><br/></strong>We are a bunch of super enthusiastic, passionate, and highly driven people, working to achieve a common goal! We believe that work and the workplace should be joyful and always buzzing with energy!<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK</strong><strong>,</strong> one of India's most trusted Cyber security product companies, is on a mission to build the world's fastest and most reliable AI technology that identifies and resolves digital threats in real-time. The central proposition is leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a quick and reliable analysis and alert system that provides rapid detection across multiple internet sources, precise threat analysis, and prompt resolution with minimal human intervention.<br/><br/>Founded in 2015, headquartered at Singapore, we are proud to say that we've grown at a frenetic pace and have been able to achieve some accolades along the way, including:<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK's Product Suite:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>CloudSEK XVigil constantly maps a customer's digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.</li><li>A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers' attack surfaces. CloudSEK's BeVigil uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.</li><li>CloudSEK's Contextual AI SVigil identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Key Milestones:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>2016: Launched our first product.</li><li>2018: Secured Pre-series A funding.</li><li>2019: Expanded operations to India, Southeast Asia, and the Americas.</li><li>2020: Won the NASSCOM-DSCI Excellence Award for Security Product Company of the Year.</li><li>2021: Raised $7M in Series A funding led by MassMutual Ventures, with total investment in to $10M</li><li>Awards &amp; Recognition: Won NetApp Excellerator's "Best Growth Strategy Award," CloudSEK XVigil joined NVIDIA Inception Program, and won the NASSCOM Emerge 50 Cybersecurity Award.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE<br/><br/></strong>We are looking for a Cyber Security Analyst to be a part of the CloudSEK Cyber-Security team. An ideal candidate will demonstrate an aptitude for learning new technologies, evidenced by the ability to expand upon core knowledge. She/he should be highly analytical with the ability to derive facts quickly, methodically, and accurately. This is a technical role with partial customer-facing responsibility to solve product and cybersecurity-related problems of low to high complexity. You will also act as a focal point for customer problem resolution. We will rely on you to provide timely and accurate analysis for the security incidents tagged on XVigil (CloudSEKs proprietary digital risk monitoring platform).<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Passionate Problem Solver: Demonstrated passion for cybersecurity with a love for solving complex problems, ensuring sleepless nights until solutions are found.</li><li>Continuous Learner: Excitement about new technologies and a commitment to continuous learning in the dynamic field of cybersecurity.</li><li>Network Proficiency: Strong understanding of network processes, protocols, and architecture fundamentals.</li><li>Coding Skills: Proficient in coding languages such as Python, Ruby, and R. Ability to develop Bash scripts, and a quick learner for new languages.</li><li>Web App Penetration Testing: Hands-on experience in web application penetration testing, with a focus on practical skills rather than relying on certifications.</li><li>OSINT and/or SOCMINT Skills: Possess a keen interest and skills in Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) and/or Social Media Intelligence (SOCMINT).</li><li>Community Engagement: Active participation in various cybersecurity forums and communities, showcasing a strong network within the cybersecurity domain.</li><li>Product Utilization: Excitement about using organizational products to identify security incidents and applying skills to identify, amplify, and highlight cyber and business risks.</li><li>Global Collaboration: Engage with cybersecurity teams worldwide, providing support to identify and mitigate risks to their organizations.</li><li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) including cybersecurity researchers, AI and product developers, business development professionals, and customer success experts.</li><li>Deadline-Driven: Ability to meet deadlines while ensuring the fulfillment of the specified requirements.</li><li>Team Player: Strong team player with excellent collaboration skills to contribute effectively within the CyberSEK Security Research &amp; Consulting team.</li><li>Time Management: Prioritize and manage time effectively to balance multiple tasks and responsibilities.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skills Required -<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Demonstrated passion for cybersecurity with a love for solving complex problems, ensuring sleepless nights until solutions are found.</li><li>Solid team player.</li><li>Ability to interact confidently with clients to identify what the security problem is and explain the solution.</li><li>Problem-solving skills</li><li>The ability to prioritize your workload and time management skills</li><li>Enjoys problem-solving and displays an eagerness to learn new technologies/skills.</li><li>Ability to quickly learn new languages<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Technical Expectations:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Solid knowledge of cyber security, must know the general attack vectors and attack scenarios.</li><li>Intermediate level of knowledge of networking, the internet, and protocols.</li><li>Intermediate level knowledge of Firewall, VPN, IDS, and related network security design and implementation.</li><li>Experience with web application penetration testing and techniques.</li><li>Must have strong knowledge of one or more programming languages (such as Python, Java, Ruby, etc)</li><li>Basic knowledge of Bash Scripting</li><li>Strong understanding of network processes, protocols, and architecture fundamentals.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits of Joining CloudSEK<br/><br/></strong>We provide an environment where you can develop and enhance your skills while delivering meaningful work that matters. You'll be rewarded a competitive salary as well as a full spectrum of generous perks and incentives which include:<br/><br/><ul><li>Flexible working hours.</li><li>Food, unlimited snacks and drinks are all available while at office.<br/><br/></li></ul>And, the finest part is yet to come! Every now and then we ensure to unwind and have a good time together, which involves games, fun, and soulful music. Feel free to show off your artistic side here!
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>