---
title: Analytics Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analytics-engineer-at-swiss-re-3964258786?position=6&pageNum=7&refId=74tKQDqzLKTtske%2BQuQRbA%3D%3D&trackingId=Yufkejmzy8Sm%2FAXuxGE3Jg%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-04
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>About The Role<br/><br/></strong>In your role as an Analytics Engineer in Data &amp; Analytics Re, you collaborate with data engineers, business analysts and product owners to build impactful products tackling a variety of business challenges, such as improving our portfolio strategy, costing accuracy and financial performance. It is your responsibility to advise &amp; support in product development as well as to implement sophisticated applications, reports and dashboards by transforming data in pipelines, creating visualizations and simulation engines. Additionally, you will shape the Analytics Ontology, the go-to asset for self-service analytics.<br/><br/><strong>About The Team<br/><br/></strong>Data &amp; Analytics Reinsurance is a key tech partner for our Reinsurance divisions, supporting in the transformation of the data landscape and the creation of innovative analytical products and capabilities. A large globally distributed team working in an agile development landscape, we deliver solutions to make better use of our reinsurance data and enhance our ability to make data driven decisions across the business value chain.<br/><br/><strong>About You<br/><br/></strong>You enjoy the challenge of solving complex big data analytics problems using state-of-the-art technologies as part of a growing global team of analytics engineering professionals. You are a self-starter with strong problem-solving skills and capable of owning and implementing solutions from start to finish. Key qualifications include:<br/><br/><ul><li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Data Science or related quantitative discipline.</li><li>At least 5 years proven experience leveraging technologies such as SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), Power BI to integrate, analyze and visualize data.</li><li>Power BI: Proficiency in creating reports, dashboards, and data models in Power BI.</li><li>SSIS: Strong experience in designing and developing ETL processes using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).</li><li>SQL: Advanced SQL skills for querying, data manipulation, and performance optimization.</li><li>DAX: Experience in writing DAX formulas for calculations and measures in Power BI.</li><li>Exposure to Python/PySpark to process and analyze large datasets</li><li>Experience in Palantir Foundry or Azure Databricks is a plus.</li><li>Microsoft Data and/or Power BI Certification is a plus</li><li>Experience with Azure dev ops and Agile development methodologies.</li><li>Domain experience in the Insurance or Financial industry is preferred</li><li>And most importantly, you are a people person who loves collaborating with others to find excellent solutions to complex business problems!<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>130231
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>