---
title: CyberSecurity Operations Center (CSOC) Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cybersecurity-operations-center-csoc-analyst-at-logitech-3967880349?position=42&pageNum=0&refId=Ws4E0X6aDNhIUt22%2B9u5fw%3D%3D&trackingId=WPtNtO1axveVuMJFLViFjw%3D%3D
company: Logitech
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-09-08
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Description<br/><br/></strong>The Role:<br/><br/>The CyberSecurity Operations Center (CSOC) Analyst is responsible for cybersecurity operations including SIEM, Endpoint Protection, Incident Response and validation of Vulnerability scans.<br/><br/>This role will report directly to the Head of CSOC at Logitech. As a member of the team, you will take part in designing and implementing key security controls and monitoring technologies for company-wide initiatives.<br/><br/><strong>Your Contribution<br/><br/></strong>Be Yourself. Be Open. Stay Hungry and Humble. Collaborate. Challenge. Decide and just Do. These are the behaviors you’ll need for success at Logitech. In this role you will:Operate enterprise-class security systems for both production and corporate environments.<br/><br/><ul><li>Respond to alerts and perform operational tasks for security incident response</li><li>Understand the Mitre Att&amp;Ck framework and how to operate with it</li><li>Review and maintain WAF, VPN, and other systems related to network side of<br/><br/></li></ul>cybersecurity<br/><br/><ul><li>Operation of, and making improvements to solutions to:<br/><br/></li></ul>○ SIEM product such as Splunk, Sumo Logic, LogRhythm<br/><br/>○ Network Access Control systems and policy - Cisco ISE, ForeScout, switches,<br/><br/>wireless AP<br/><br/><strong>Key Qualifications<br/><br/></strong>For consideration, you must bring the following minimum skills and behaviors to our team:<br/><br/><ul><li>Minimum of 2 years of relevant system and/or network security experience</li><li>Strong critical thinking and analytical skills</li><li>Knowledge across multiple domains including web applications, database<br/><br/></li></ul>technologies, server applications, storage applications, hardware engineering,<br/><br/>business intelligence, test/QA engineering, deployment operations<br/><br/><ul><li>Knowledge of incident response and threat hunting techniques</li><li>Knowledge of major security protocols and frameworks including PKI, SAML, OAuth, TLS, IPSec, VPN</li><li>Comprehension of network security and related technologies including intrusion detection and prevention, WAF, NGFW, DMZ design, network segmentation</li><li>Strong communication skills, especially with diverse audiences; excellent written skills</li><li>Technical knowledge in security operations, system and network security,<br/><br/></li></ul>authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security<br/><br/><strong>In Addition, Preferable Skills And Behaviors Include<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Experience with Penetration Testing</li><li>Security considerations of cloud computing including data breaches, broken<br/><br/></li></ul>authentication, account misconfiguration, account hijacking, malicious insiders, third parties, APTs, data loss, and cloud security standard methodologies<br/><br/>Logitech is the sweet spot for people who are passionate about products, making a mark, and having fun doing it. As a company, we’re small and flexible enough for every person to take initiative and make things happen. But we’re big enough in our portfolio, and reach, for those actions to have a global impact. That’s a pretty sweet spot to be in and we’re always striving to keep it that way.<br/><br/>“All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.”<br/><br/>If you require an accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at + 1-510-713-4866 for assistance.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>