---
title: Security Specialist
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-specialist-at-flipkart-3979364231?position=10&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=jHtjnEL4OvN6GW3Ow1NjYg%3D%3D
company: Flipkart
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Security Specialist (10+ Years Experience)<br/><br/>(Vendor Risk Management)<br/><br/>We are searching for a seasoned Vendor Risk Management Leader to join our team and play a pivotal role in safeguarding our organization from third-party risks.<br/><br/><strong>About The Role<br/><br/></strong>In this leadership position, you will be responsible for developing, implementing, and overseeing a comprehensive vendor risk management program. You will lead a team of professionals in identifying, assessing, mitigating, and monitoring risks associated with our third-party vendors.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Develop and maintain a robust vendor risk management framework aligned with industry best practices and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Lead the development and execution of vendor risk assessments, including due diligence processes, risk identification, and mitigation strategies.</li><li>Oversee the implementation of a vendor onboarding process that ensures proper vetting and risk controls are in place.</li><li>Manage a team of risk professionals, providing coaching and mentorship to develop their expertise.</li><li>Continuously monitor vendor performance and identify potential risks, implementing appropriate controls and mitigation strategies.</li><li>Maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, fostering collaboration and communication regarding vendor risk.</li><li>Stay abreast of evolving vendor risk management trends and regulations, ensuring the program remains effective.</li><li>Report on vendor risk management activities to senior management, providing insightful analysis and recommendations.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Minimum of 10 years of experience in Vendor Risk Management and GRC, ideally within a similar industry.</li><li>Proven track record of developing and implementing successful vendor risk management programs for leading global companies</li><li>Strong understanding of risk assessment methodologies and mitigation strategies.</li><li>In-depth knowledge of relevant regulations and compliance requirements.</li><li>Excellent communication, collaboration, and negotiation skills.</li><li>Experience in leading and motivating a team of professionals.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Proficiency in relevant vendor risk management tools and technologies (Onetrust, Service Now, Risk Recon, Security Scorecard,etc.)</li><li>Good communication, interpersonal, problem solving skills.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>