---
title: Jr. Information Security Assistant
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/jr-information-security-assistant-at-acme-services-3980858727?position=32&pageNum=0&refId=gJqWHyXETNgRlR3Acu0MJQ%3D%3D&trackingId=F8bJl4E375QjB3RKE2wmQw%3D%3D
company: Acme Services
location: Mumbai Metropolitan Region
posted_date: 2024-07-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Day to Day management of Infosec &amp; Data Privacy tickets and escalation as necessary.</li><li> Vendor Assessment - maintain vendor records, including updating SOC 2 / ISO reports for critical vendors.</li><li> Vendor Assessments – Review new suppliers and ensure they meet BTS / ISO 27001 requirements for data security.</li><li> Maintaining ISO 27001 Policies for BTS – Ensure policies are reviewed annually and changes documented to ensure compliance during internal and external audits.</li><li> Complete client data security questionnaires and online assessments as necessary.</li><li> Review various legal documents – Data Processing Agreements, MSA’s and other contracts that require Infosec input.</li><li> Assist with the creation, maintenance, and delivery of cyber security awareness training to colleagues.</li><li> Maintain Risk Register to ISO 27001 standards and ensure all identified risks are documented, remediated, and reviewed as necessary to ensure minimal risk to the business.</li><li> Maintain Compliance Register with all relevant regulations, legislation, and contractual requirements – GDPR, CCPA etc.</li><li> Assist with remediation of Corrective Actions identified during internal and external audits.</li><li> Work with various teams and review DR practises and develop as necessary.</li><li> Monitor various sources for new or emerging threats that could impact the business and work within team to find solutions.</li><li> Liaise with stakeholders in relation to cyber security issues and provide future recommendation.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Preferably CISSP certified - If not, would look to certify within 1 to 2 years with ongoing training in data security / privacy field.</li><li> Organised, analytical, and capable of working on multiple tasks simultaneously, with exceptional attention to detail.</li><li> Highly pro-active; always a step ahead and on top of tasks at hand whilst keeping an eye on the long-term goals.</li><li> Strong communication skills both verbally and written.</li><li> To be able to demonstrate workload prioritization, focus on tasks and personal time management.</li><li> A relationship builder, capable of managing various internal and external stakeholders.</li><li> A creative thinker who looks for opportunities to improve existing processes.</li><li> Independent, a quick learner and comfortable taking on responsibility and testing new solutions and systems.</li><li> Experience in using Microsoft Office Suite is required (Outlook, Excel, Word &amp; PowerPoint.).</li><li> A flexible attitude, unphased by unexpected change and ambiguity.</li><li> A professional individual with a good sense of fun.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>