---
title: SOC/SIEM Lead
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/soc-siem-lead-at-infosys-3980707211?position=53&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=BnvEAPCLZKvlkZMPIQ6MOQ%3D%3D
company: Infosys
location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
posted_date: 2024-07-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Skills :<br/><br/><ul><li> Experience in SIEM (Dashboard Monitoring, creation of parsers, rules, alarms).Candidate should have better experience in handling SIEM administration task.</li><li> Basic understanding of Network Arch.</li><li> Identifying and reporting Real Time attacks and vulnerabilities on the client network</li><li> Identification of incidents and subsequent analysis and investigation to determine their severity and the response required.</li><li> Threat Intelligence</li><li> Security device knowledge – IPS,WAF,DAM,FW,DSM</li><li> Producing reports for regular client/internal meetings and documenting SOC process and Major activities.</li><li> Cloud based AWS SOC monitoring profile with 2+ years of experience Certification Preferable: CCNA security/ CEH / AWS - Security A day in the life of an Infoscion</li><li> As part of the Infosys delivery team, your primary role would be to ensure effective Design, Development, Validation and Support activities, to assure that our clients are satisfied with the high levels of service in the technology domain.</li><li> You will gather the requirements and specifications to understand the client requirements in a detailed manner and translate the same into system requirements.</li><li> You will play a key role in the overall estimation of work requirements to provide the right information on project estimations to Technology Leads and Project Managers.</li><li> You would be a key contributor to building efficient programs/ systems and if you think you fit right in to help our clients navigate their next in their digital transformation journey, this is the place for you! If you think you fit right in to help our clients navigate their next in their digital transformation journey, this is the place for you!</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>