---
title: Security Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-at-accelon-inc-3982684755?position=50&pageNum=0&refId=qn6QhdJ1CFxGLxYGx7p%2BKA%3D%3D&trackingId=cT5ni2fn8VQuXRxmRkjssA%3D%3D
company: Accelon Inc.
location: India
posted_date: 2024-07-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Description<br/><br/></strong>Location: Remote<br/><br/>Shift: Afternoon Shift (2 PM - 10 PM IST). Flexible to have overall of 4 hours with PST.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Develop capabilities of security tooling and configuration to better protect systems, improve organization and structure of security tools – especially Microsoft Defender, vulnerability management and remediation.</li><li>Diagnose and fix issues with security tooling and configuration on Windows workstation – including performance issues, loss of functionality, creating exceptions.</li><li>Analyze and report on vulnerability and hardening compliance.</li><li>Document procedures and processes.</li><li>Lead initiatives to develop and build security utilities and tools that will enable others to operate more efficiently and securely in cloud environments.</li><li>Work across cloud, business systems, and product teams to enhance and evangelize security in infrastructure.</li><li>Research emerging technologies and maintain awareness of current security risks in support of security enhancement and development efforts.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Minimum Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Hands-on endpoint systems administration experience – Windows 10/11. Windows Server experience also preferable.</li><li>Proven ability to diagnose tough Windows technical problems and find elegant solutions or workarounds.</li><li>Experience with security management tools, including Microsoft Defender, vulnerability management, update management.</li><li>MacOS systems administration experience preferable.</li><li>Experience with enterprise systems management, such as Active Directory, group policy, Azure Active Directory, Intune.</li><li>5+ years of experience in the field of information security in the following areas: Windows and MacOS security, vulnerability management and remediation, securing system configuration, e.g., CIS benchmarks and hardening.</li><li>Experience supporting security initiatives and projects by effectively communicating with stakeholders, tracking progress, and organizing processes.</li><li>Advanced people skills to effectively promote ideas and collaboration at the various levels of the organization.</li><li>Excellent analytical skills, organizational skills, ingenuity, and the ability to work as part of a team or autonomously.</li><li>Experience with Excel or other analytical tools.</li><li>Experience automating processes with scripting or other tools.</li><li>Ability to find security gaps and propose solutions to remediate.</li><li>Ability to design, drive, and manage projects of moderate size and complexity.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>CISSP (Certified Information System Security Professional) from ISC2, GSEC (GIAC Security Essentials Certification) from the SANS Institute or CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker)</li><li>Knowledge of AWS and Azure cloud computing concepts and security</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>