---
title: Cyber Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-at-cloudsek-3991572589?position=51&pageNum=0&refId=gyOlaF9%2FJnTE0BcftTJH5g%3D%3D&trackingId=zxA0KGHVLNE2PjjCC22xCQ%3D%3D
company: CloudSEK
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-08-02
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>WHO ARE WE?<br/><br/></strong>We are a bunch of super enthusiastic, passionate, and highly driven people, working to achieve a common goal! We believe that work and the workplace should be joyful and always buzzing with energy!<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK</strong><strong>,</strong> one of India's most trusted Cyber security product companies, is on a mission to build the world's fastest and most reliable AI technology that identifies and resolves digital threats in real-time. The central proposition is leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a quick and reliable analysis and alert system that provides rapid detection across multiple internet sources, precise threat analysis, and prompt resolution with minimal human intervention.<br/><br/>Founded in 2015, headquartered at Singapore, we are proud to say that we've grown at a frenetic pace and have been able to achieve some accolades along the way, including:<br/><br/><strong>CloudSEK's Product Suite:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>CloudSEK XVigil constantly maps a customer's digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.</li><li>A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers' attack surfaces. CloudSEK's BeVigil uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.</li><li>CloudSEK's Contextual AI SVigil identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Key Milestones:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>2016: Launched our first product.</li><li>2018: Secured Pre-series A funding.</li><li>2019: Expanded operations to India, Southeast Asia, and the Americas.</li><li>2020: Won the NASSCOM-DSCI Excellence Award for Security Product Company of the Year.</li><li>2021: Raised $7M in Series A funding led by MassMutual Ventures, with total investment in to $10M</li><li>Awards &amp; Recognition: Won NetApp Excellerator's "Best Growth Strategy Award," CloudSEK XVigil joined NVIDIA Inception Program, and won the NASSCOM Emerge 50 Cybersecurity Award.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE<br/><br/></strong>We are looking for an Associate Security Consultant to be a part of the CloudSEK SVigil Security team. An ideal candidate will demonstrate an aptitude for learning new technologies, evidenced by the ability to expand upon core knowledge. She/he should be highly analytical with the ability to derive facts quickly, methodically, and accurately. This is a technical role with partial<br/><br/>customer-facing responsibility to solve product and cybersecurity-related problems of low to high complexity. You will also act as a focal point for customer problem resolution. We will rely on you to provide timely and accurate analysis for the security incidents tagged on SVigil (CloudSEK's Digital Supply Chain Security Solution SVigil). The successful candidate will be adaptable,<br/><br/>detail-oriented, organized, have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, and should be able to work independently with cross-functional teams to and resolve complex problems.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Individuals will be responsible for analyzing all the security incidents tagged by SVigil.</li><li>Interpret scan results and data to assess the severity and potential impact of identified vulnerabilities and misconfigurations on the client and the vendor/subsidiary.</li><li>Generate detailed and concise reports that highlight vulnerabilities, risks, and recommended remediation strategies for clients that entail the business impact of the specific incidents.</li><li>Keep pace with industry trends, emerging threats, and the foremost practices in vendor risk management and supply chain security.</li><li>Being the first point of contact for customers and handle all customer inquiries</li><li>Building relationships with customers and ensuring they are satisfied with the company's products and services</li><li>Assisting customers with any issues or problems they have.</li><li>Ensure timely and successful delivery of our solutions according to customer needs and objectives</li><li>Clearly communicate the progress of monthly/ quarterly initiatives to internal and external stakeholders.</li><li>Other duties may be assigned by management.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required skills:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>The ability to think logically.</li><li>Solid team player.</li><li>Ability to interact confidently with clients to identify what the security problem is and explain the solution.</li><li>The ability to prioritize your workload and time management skills</li><li>Creative problem-solving skills and open to learning new technologies (web apps, protocols,cloud environments, etc.)</li><li>Good presentation skills - giving talks &amp; writing blog posts.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills to effectively convey technical information to non-technical stakeholders.</li><li>Strong technical skills</li><li>Organization skills and ability to work independently</li><li>Patience and ability to stay calm under pressure.</li><li>Ability to build rapport and collaborate with others within the company and externally<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Technical Expectations:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Solid knowledge of cybersecurity principles, threat landscape, and risk assessment methodologies.</li><li>Intermediate level of knowledge of networking, the internet, and protocols.</li><li>Intermediate knowledge of web application security frameworks like OWASP Top 10 and penetration testing techniques.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits of Joining CloudSEK<br/><br/></strong>We provide an environment where you can develop and enhance your skills while delivering meaningful work that matters. You'll be rewarded a competitive salary as well as a full spectrum of generous perks and incentives which include:<br/><br/><ul><li>Flexible working hours.</li><li>Food, unlimited snacks and drinks are all available while at office.<br/><br/></li></ul>And, the finest part is yet to come! Every now and then we ensure to unwind and have a good time together, which involves games, fun, and soulful music. Feel free to show off your artistic side here!
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>