---
title: Assistant Manager (Information Security)
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/assistant-manager-information-security-at-sinch-3997200679?position=48&pageNum=0&refId=V%2BYelADDkwm8o3tcjethsg%3D%3D&trackingId=TGpzUX2b0B5uVFrE3%2Fi85Q%3D%3D
company: Sinch
location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          We are Sinch. We are leading global communication Platform (cPaas) provider - the connector between the two through our messaging, voice and video solutions. By year end Sinch will be close to 4000 employees in more than 50 countries with one of our engineering hub at Noida location.<br/><br/>Our APIs and platform deal with over 145 billion engagements annually. Sinch, 2nd largest cPaaS and messaging provider in the world is looking for a Java developers at its India location to help launch a bug free, scalable and innovative products in the market.<br/><br/><strong>The essence of the role<br/><br/></strong>Sinch India requires an Assistant Manager (Information Security)to provide operational support in the management of handling internal functions during audits and coordination with the support and business functions to get the timely responses for VRAs (vendor Risk Assessments); ITGC and other related activities across its offices in India.<br/><br/><strong>As Our New ROLE You Will<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Work in accordance with applicable ethical standards.</li><li>Effective coordination with internal teams for Internal audit &amp; control assessment.</li><li>Planning and delegating work for the team and self, based on the requirement.</li><li>Managing the Clientele effectively and being the SPOC for all client audit related issues.</li><li>Conducting and coordinating quality and compliance reviews of projects.</li><li>Responsible for managing end-to-end internal audits in accordance with Internal Audit guidelines.</li><li>To help in identify and establish audit issues with root causes, discuss them with the respective process owner, and provide effective solutions to improve internal controls and business processes.</li><li>Identifying deficiencies and inadequacies in process and documentation.</li><li>Single point of contact for scheduling meetings with different internal functions during audits.</li><li>Coordination with the internal support and business functions to ensure timely responses w.r.t. the different requirements coming from clients which includes but not limited to the VRA responses and audit observations.</li><li>Good experience of handling third party auditors and client audits.</li><li>Basic understanding of the security, privacy, and quality frameworks like ISO27001; GDPR/ISO27701; ISO9001.</li><li>Coordinate with functional support groups and operational groups for generation of security metrics to track compliance.</li><li>Work closely with other support functions to implement the best security controls w.r.t. cyber/cloud and data security which is aligned with the auditor's recommendations and Information Security guidelines.</li><li>Collaborate to Identify and implement corrective action plans to address external / internal audit findings and update audit reports.</li><li>Working experience of governance of best industry practices of audit controls management related to Vulnerability management; Cloud Security; Cyber Security and network security.</li><li>Good written and verbal communication and experience of handling customers' queries.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Who are you?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Minimum 3-5 Years of experience. Position requires a minimum of three years of experience in audit management related to ITGC, Information Security, privacy &amp; quality in a corporate environment. </li><li>Basic understanding/exposer of ISO27001, Privacy framework, Risk Management, Cyber Security controls &amp; BCMS along with controls used for securing a business' computer networks and digital information. </li><li>Basic understanding of regulatory compliance requirements such as PCI-DSS, HIPPA; GDPR compliance etc.</li><li>Knowledge of cyber security frameworks and Physical security governance.</li><li>Demonstrate capability for high ownership, hands-on, capable to deliver by self.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Basic Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>B.E./B.Tech. or MCA degree in a related field would be desirable.</li><li>Certifications such as CISA, and ISO27001:2013 LA/LI will be an added advantage.</li><li>Excellent oral and written communication skills.</li><li>Capability to deliver on tight schedules with excellent task management capabilities.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Being You At Sinch<br/><br/></strong>We're a worldwide group of people, committed to diversity. We're working to offer an increasingly inclusive workplace wherever you are. No matter who you are, you'll be able to explore new career and growth options - sharing your voice, building your path and making it happen with us.<br/><br/>We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will be considered to join our team regardless of race, colour, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, and more.<br/><br/><strong>Your Life At Sinch<br/><br/></strong>Being a Sincher is all about learning and being in pursuit of new challenges. Working in the offices, at home, or in a hybrid model, that means celebrating change and the unknown, rolling up your sleeves and seeing what impact you can have on the world. The only way is up, and you'll be reaching for the opportunities that match where you want to take your career. It's closer than you think.<br/><br/>It's time to chase the answers, chase the challenges and chase the dream.<br/><br/><strong>Are you ready? Join us on our journey!</strong>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>