---
title: Cyber Security Analyst II [T500-13484]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-ii-t500-13484-at-fedex-acc-4002769418?position=2&pageNum=5&refId=GfT1YmPtI1K3NxEYA9nFLg%3D%3D&trackingId=IVZwLOKlXOD4aElfgIOdeQ%3D%3D
company: FedEx ACC
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-22
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Title: Cyber Security Analyst – Risk Analyst</strong></p><p><strong>Work Location: </strong>IN/Hyderabad</p><p>FedEx Information Security (InfoSec) ensures the security of the enterprise systems and data, through business agility, system reliability, and information security controls to enable the business to deliver the Purple Promise. The Global InfoSec team strives to protect the enterprise from cyber threats, secure business operations, and ensure global regulatory compliance. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Descriptions:</strong></p><ul><li>Under general supervision, it supports Information Security governance, risk management and compliance processes. </li><li>Monitors and reports internal compliance against internal key Risk Indicators, external regulations and industry standards. </li><li>Performs risk assessments, oversight and enforcement activities to meet enterprise-wide information security requirements. </li><li>Provides recommendations to moderately complex issues.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong>:</p><ul><li>Conduct comprehensive risk assessments to identify and evaluate IT risks across the organization.</li><li>Provide risk-based decision-making guidance to management team on all aspects of IT risk management</li><li>Maintains a risk register, documenting identified risks, their potential impacts, and mitigation strategies.</li><li>Recommends effective risk mitigation strategies and controls to reduce identified IT risks.</li><li>Collaborate with IT and security teams to ensure that risk mitigation measures are integrated into system designs and operations.</li><li>Monitor the effectiveness of risk mitigation efforts and make recommendations for improvement.</li><li>Develop and update IT risk management policies, procedures, and guidelines in line with industry standards and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Ensure compliance with relevant regulations, standards, and frameworks (e.g., ISO 27001, NIST, ISO3100).</li><li>Prepare and present detailed risk assessment reports, risk dashboards, and metrics to senior management and other stakeholders.</li><li>Communicate complex IT risk concepts and findings to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.</li><li>May be required to perform other duties as assigned.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Preferred Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Risk Management, Computer Science or related discipline</li><li>Proficiency in English comprehension</li><li>Preferably with minimum 3-5 years of work experience especially in Risk Management, cyber security, or regulatory compliance</li><li>Preferably have Analytical Skills; Planning &amp; Organizing Skills; Project Management Skills; Interpersonal Skills; Accuracy &amp; Attention to Detail</li><li>Preferably have practical knowledge in using ServiceNow Modules and Microsoft Office, particularly in Power BI, Power Automate</li><li>GRCP, Knowledge of security frameworks - NIST, MITRE, OWASP, ISO 27001, Service now Vulnerability Response, GitHub and Onspring, Agility</li><li>Preferably have practical experience in implementing LEAN, AGILE and Design Thinking</li><li>Strong troubleshooting skills a must</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>