---
title: Netwitness - Principal Core Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/netwitness-principal-core-engineer-at-netwitness-4008961754?position=7&pageNum=5&refId=oigUsHvw7te9TeJo4hUpJw%3D%3D&trackingId=zicTGfJI5im3g5EX03IqJw%3D%3D
company: NetWitness
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-08-27
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Job Description : I8 – Senior Software Engineer<br/><br/>Job Title: Senior Software Engineer<br/><br/>About RSA: RSA offers mission-driven security solutions that provide organizations with a unified approach to managing digital risk that hinges on integrated visibility, automated insights and coordinated actions. RSA solutions are designed to effectively detect and respond to advanced attacks; manage user access control; and reduce business risk, fraud and cybercrime. RSA protects millions of users around the world and helps more than 90 percent of the Fortune 500 companies, and every branch of the U.S. federal government, thrive and continuously adapt to transformational change.<br/><br/>RSA has multiple Product Groups of which NetWitness is a flagship product in the SIEM domain. RSA is looking for a Software Engineer who can be part of the cybersecurity domain and can help in our mission to create value for our customers. This role requires self-motivated professionals who can be responsible can learn on the go, improvise and deliver enterprise class products.<br/><br/>Responsibilities:<br/><br/><ul><li> Design, develop and maintain features for a cybersecurity product, ensuring high performance, scalability and security. </li><li> Analyze and optimize code for performance, scalability, reliability and security, following best practices. </li><li> Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to ensure code quality and adherence to standards. </li><li> Handle complex customer issues and critical escalations as needed. </li><li> Help develop and maintain automated tests, ensuring robust and reliable code. </li><li> Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features. </li><li> Implement and promote best practices for maintaining readable, testable and maintainable code</li><li> Investigate and resolve complex issues, including customer-reported problems and security vulnerabilities. </li><li> Mentor and guide junior developers, fostering a culture of continuous learning and improvement. </li><li> Maintain a large codebase by resolving technical debts such as managing complex defect fixes, handling integrations and interdependencies between different services during upgrade or version conflicts. </li><li> Work with Product Management and other stakeholders to understand requirements and translate them to technical solutions. </li><li> Assist in developing and maintaining DevOps pipelines and processes. </li><li> Contribute to organizational learning initiatives through tech talks and presentations on new technology areas. </li><li> Support organizational initiatives beyond technical duties, such as hiring and mentoring team members. <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 9-12 years of experience in C++ development, with a deep understanding of modern C++ standards (C++11 and later). </li><li> Hands-on experience designing and developing large-scale, distributed systems. </li><li> Proven experience in optimizing code for performance and scalability</li><li> Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability debug and RCA complex issues both in existing functionality and customer issues. </li><li> Strong knowledge of Network and Security principles, practices and common vulnerabilities. </li><li> Familiar with processes that promotes technical excellence within the team such as effective code review processes / better code coverage / building testable and modular code / automated testing frameworks. </li><li> Familiarity with DevOps practices and CI/CD pipelines. </li><li> Proven leadership skills in handling and mentoring junior members. </li><li> Good teamwork and communication skills, with the ability to work effectively in a collaborative environment. </li><li> Experience working in Agile or Scrum development environments. </li><li> Commitment to staying current with emerging trends and technologies in software development and cybersecurity. </li><li> Self driven and ability to work independently without much supervision<br/><br/></li></ul>RSA is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, and any other category protected by applicable country law.<br/><br/>If you need a reasonable accommodation during the application process, please contact the RSA Talent Acquisition Team at <strong>rsa.global.talent.acquisition@rsa.com</strong>. RSA and its approved consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with RSA. RSA reserves the right to amend or withdraw any job posting at any time, including prior to the advertised closing date.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>