---
title: Cyber Security Analyst II [T500-13719]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-ii-t500-13719-at-fedex-acc-4010395262?position=33&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=%2FzLK0aCbhBYl%2FhalAfTqMw%3D%3D
company: FedEx ACC
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Description: Cyber Security Analyst</strong></p><p>The <strong>Cyber Security Analyst</strong> will provide Engineering Services for all Business Unit (BU) and Service Provider activities encompassing perimeter security to ensure a consistent state is maintained across the enterprise. Work closely with BU and Service Provider representatives providing engineering services and proactive support. Security reporting and lifecycle management. Engineering and documenting perimeter infrastructure involving simple designs. Engage in Incident Response activities as needed. Create and maintain technical and operational documentation of in-scope security systems. Create and maintain technical and operational documentation of in-scope security systems. Maintain inventory for in scope security infrastructure. Maintain monitoring of in scope security infrastructure along with responding to operational alerts from the monitoring system. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates for this role will have courses and/or 3 – 5 years of relevant work experience in some or all of the following skills. </li><li>Intrusion Prevention/Detection Systems, experience with Checkpoint Threat Prevention blades would be advantageous.</li><li>Next Generation Firewalls including advanced features, experience with Checkpoint would be advantagous.</li><li>Network troubleshooting with good knowledge of routing and switching.</li><li>Information security principles/domains such as application security, data loss prevention, penetration testing, perimeter security, network security, endpoint security, identity and access management, and web security.</li><li>Experience or certification in technology from Checkpoint (R80 or higher certification)</li><li>Experience or certification in technology from Networking</li><li>Experience or certification in operating system platforms such as Windows and Linux/Unix.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>The ideal candidate will have knowledge of or experience in: </strong></p><ul><li>Micro-segmentation platforms, experience with Illumio would be advantageous. </li><li>Web Proxy services, experience with Zscalerplatform would be advantageous. </li><li>The capability to control impulse, handle stress, suspend judgement, and think before acting. </li><li>Have a naturally friendly disposition, an upbeat personality, and the ability to engage others in conversation. </li><li>Be flexible and adaptable.</li><li>Can communicate clearly and succinctly in both written and verbal communications.</li><li>Familiarity and passion for the products and services highlighted in the previous section. </li><li>Problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. </li><li>Accuracy &amp; Attention to Detail.</li><li>Analytical Skills.</li><li>Judgement and Decision-Making Skills.</li><li>Presentation Skills.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>