---
title: Information Security Manager - GRC
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/information-security-manager-grc-at-aviva-india-4016107801?position=22&pageNum=0&refId=Ws4E0X6aDNhIUt22%2B9u5fw%3D%3D&trackingId=eJSEIuKO2BbpCHRNyGMlBQ%3D%3D
company: Aviva India
location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-04
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong><u>Key Responsibilities</u></strong> </p><p><br/></p><p>• Lead the Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) initiatives, ensuring alignment with local and global standards. </p><p>• Oversee comprehensive risk management processes, including the identification, evaluation, and prioritization of risks associated with information security, privacy, and regulatory compliance. </p><p>• Ensure rigorous compliance monitoring across various regions, maintaining adherence to industry standards and government regulations such as IRDAI, ISO 27001, NIST, and CERT-IN. </p><p>• Develop, review, and refine policies, standards, and procedures to uphold compliance and address evolving regulatory landscapes. </p><p>• Execute thorough vendor risk assessments to guarantee that third-party vendors align with stringent security requirements. </p><p>• Implement and evaluate robust security controls and frameworks, ensuring their effectiveness in safeguarding organizational assets. </p><p>• Engage in proactive research to bolster threat assessment capabilities and enhance risk mitigation strategies. </p><p>• Design and deliver comprehensive training and awareness programs to foster a culture of compliance and risk management across the organization. </p><p>• Demonstrate hands-on expertise in conducting and managing IT general control audits, with a focus on continuous improvement. </p><p>• Manage vulnerability assessment programs, ensuring timely identification and remediation of security gaps. </p><p>• Formulate and execute business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR) strategies to minimize operational disruptions and ensure resilience. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Key Competencies </u></strong></p><p><br/></p><p>• Has the capability to drive projects to fruition, no matter how complex or ambiguous the environment. </p><p>• Thrives in a cross-functional and fast-paced, environment. Is not afraid of rolling up their sleeves and getting their hands dirty with minute details. </p><p>• Strong problem-solving skills and a willingness to learn and adapt in the product management field. </p><p>• Effective communication and collaboration within a cross-functional team. </p><p>• Eagerness to stay updated on industry trends and integrate them into product development. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong> </p><p><br/></p><p>• A bachelor’s degree in information technology, Cybersecurity, or a related discipline is required.</p><p>• A minimum of 5-7 years of experience in GRC, information security, or a related area within the BFSI sector. </p><p>• Professional certifications such as CISM, CISA, or CRISC are desirable. </p><p>• A deep understanding of regulatory frameworks and standards like NIST, ISO, and BCMS is essential. </p><p>• Good communication skills, with proficiency in articulating complex concepts to diverse audiences.</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>