---
title: Web Security Analyst Junior
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/web-security-analyst-junior-at-sectigo-4016486254?position=3&pageNum=0&refId=Ws4E0X6aDNhIUt22%2B9u5fw%3D%3D&trackingId=JplhMc%2F8CnP7yOZBL8vIfg%3D%3D
company: Sectigo
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-09-05
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Who We Are<br/><br/></strong>At Sectigo, we align around our mission and pride ourselves in helping thousands of customers sleep better at night.<br/><br/><strong>“When people think Online trust management, they think Sectigo because we offer our customers unparalleled peace of mind.”<br/><br/></strong>How we show up with each other and our customers every day is just as important, and we win as #OneSectigo by living out our core values - <strong> S </strong>upport, <strong> E </strong>xcellence, <strong> C </strong>ollaboration, <strong> T </strong>eamwork, <strong> I </strong> ntegrity, <strong> G </strong>rowth and <strong> O </strong>penness. We are committed to investing in our diverse teams where everyone understands their role and how they support our strategic goals, we drive operational excellence through scale and efficiency, and we strive to delight our customers and become the market leader in our industry. If you aspire to join a driven team that holds each other accountable to meeting our lofty goals and you’d like to be part of our growth story in delivering a market leading user experience, we’d like to talk to you.<br/><br/><strong>What We Are Looking For<br/><br/></strong>The Web Security Analyst Junior plays a crucial role in supporting our team with providing outstanding technical support to our customers via phone, email, and chat. This individual’s primary responsibilities include troubleshooting, problem-solving, and ensuring that customers receive prompt and effective solutions. This position is an excellent opportunity for individuals with a passion for technology and a strong desire to help customers.<br/><br/>The work schedule will start in the night shift from 6:30PM to 3:30AM IST, Monday through Friday, and based on business needs, this role may become a rotating shift.<br/><br/><strong>What You’ll Be Doing<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Provide first-level technical support to customers by actively listening, diagnosing, and resolving technical issues promptly and effectively. </li><li> Guide customers through troubleshooting procedures, step-by-step instructions, and potential solutions to resolve their technical problems. </li><li> Documentation: Maintain accurate and detailed records of customer interactions, issues, and resolutions in our ticketing system. </li><li> Escalate complex technical issues to Level 2 or Level 3 support, when necessary, while ensuring proper documentation and communication. </li><li> Educate customers on product features, functionality, and best practices to enhance their overall experience. </li><li> Collaborate with other departments, such as product development and quality assurance, to provide feedback and suggestions for improving products. </li><li> Knowledge Sharing: Stay up to date with product knowledge and industry trends to effectively support customers and assist with continuous improvement of support processes. </li><li> Work, shadow, and learn closely with other senior team members on everyday functions. </li><li> Other duties as assigned and related to the nature of this role and company initiatives. <br/><br/></li></ul>This is an individual contributor role and will report to our Technical Manager, Web Security at Sectigo.<br/><br/><strong>Requirements<br/><br/></strong>Education<br/><br/><ul><li>Completion of a 3-year degree is strongly preferred to be considered for this role.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Proficient computer skillset is preferred. Confidence with DNS, FTP, and hosting platforms is strongly preferred. </li><li>Previous experience in a customer service or technical support role is preferred.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Talents and Desired Qualifications: <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. </li><li> Strong problem-solving and analytical abilities. </li><li> Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple tasks simultaneously. </li><li> Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and software. <br/><br/></li></ul>Monday through Friday from 6:30PM to 3:30AM IST.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>