---
title: Risk Engineering Assistant
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/risk-engineering-assistant-at-swiss-re-4019711549?position=6&pageNum=2&refId=yn0%2BszlQYxBjc1aatqOpbQ%3D%3D&trackingId=tdDmOmrN2eGgmgypT2Mdbw%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-09
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>About The Role<br/><br/></strong>We are seeking highly motivated candidates with experience in Property &amp; Casualty Risk Engineering or the insurance/reinsurance domain. The role involves delivering timely and accurate administrative and business support to Risk Engineers across regions, aiding in all non-core risk engineering activities within Swiss Re Corporate Solutions (CorSo) Risk Engineering (RES).<br/><br/>You will work closely with stakeholders to understand their needs and provide necessary support to enhance process efficiency, timeliness, profitability, and accuracy. We expect candidates to be good team players, eager to learn new analytics tools/platforms, and possess strong collaborative and communication skills.<br/><br/>You Would Be Part Of a Team Of Risk Engineering Assistants Whose Tasks Will Include But May Not Be Limited To The Following<br/><br/><ul><li>Support Account Engineers in RES located across regions in different time zone and covering various Lines of Businesses on all non-core Risk Engineering tasks which can be administrative, technical, and analytical in a time bound manner. </li><li>Assist the Risk Engineers in pre and post risk surveys by preparing site visit dockets having previous reports (if any), recommendation updates, loss lesson handouts, market presentation and then post completion of survey in proof reading, formatting the market report.</li><li>Assist the Digital team with pre-screening of all market reports for data gathering and data cleaning / formatting for automated account screening.</li><li>Support the Analytics team for improving quality of risk engineering data and perform basic analytics reporting tasks including visualisation of data.</li><li>Assist the RES Loss Analysis Coordinator in coordinating, understanding, and creating new loss analysis tasks.</li><li>Build and maintain good relationships with your Stakeholders and Business Partners. Continuously seek feedback for self to improve processes and for your growth. <br/><br/></li></ul>Maintain the standard methodology on record management and processes.<br/><br/><strong>About The Team<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Swiss Re Corso offers innovative insurance solutions for multi-national corporations around the globe. Backed by the financial strength of the Swiss Re group, we assist more than 50,000 customers worldwide in mitigating their risk exposure. With a workforce of over 1,200 experts in more than 40 offices, Swiss Re Corporate Solutions is a growing business unit within Swiss Re that is seeking entrepreneurial talent.</li><li>RES is represented globally in all main geographies and in more than 20 Swiss Re offices worldwide. RES is organized regionally for the general property business and globally for the specialty and casualty business. All RES managers ultimately report to the head RES. <br/><br/></li></ul>RES operates through a matrix organisation.<br/><br/><strong>About You<br/><br/></strong>Professional background:<br/><br/><ul><li>A graduation degree in a technical/science field.</li><li>Min 1-2 years hands-on experience, preferably in risk engineering / insurance relevant areas.</li><li>Sound risk engineering /Insurance knowledge and business processes.</li><li>Experience in basic data reporting / analytics.</li><li>Proficient MS office applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) and dashboarding capabilities in Excel.</li><li>Experienced knowledge and overview of business applications and tools.</li><li>Creative with problem solving skills, can identify opportunities to bring new process improvements specially in business reporting aspects.</li><li>Effective stakeholder management and partnering.</li><li>English language proficiency, strong written and verbal communication skills. <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Behavioral Traits<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Self-motivated, proactive, and reliable</li><li>Demonstrate meticulous attention to detail in managing data and tasks, ensuring accuracy and completeness.</li><li>Proactively identify and drive improvements, showing initiative and independence.</li><li>Communicate clearly and effectively with team members, stakeholders, and clients across different regions and time zones.</li><li>Adapt quickly to changing priorities and environments, maintaining flexibility and resilience.<br/><br/></li></ul>Embrace teamwork and diverse perspectives, prioritizing customer needs and continuously seeking new knowledge and skills for professional growth.<br/><br/><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/>If you are an experienced professional returning to the workforce after a career break, we encourage you to apply for open positions that match your skills and experience.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>131164
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>