---
title: Information Security Manager
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/information-security-manager-at-american-express-4019460360?position=2&pageNum=5&refId=R7Sq0DXDdHZl5OkVqOIlAQ%3D%3D&trackingId=m5t33mRNU29XVTOJ3SVRuw%3D%3D
company: American Express
location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-28
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.<br/><br/></strong>With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.<br/><br/>At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.<br/><br/>Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.<br/><br/><strong>Functional Description:<br/><br/></strong>The Global Risk &amp; Compliance (GRC) group within American Express is responsible for providing oversight and governance of risks to ensure that the company operates in a safe and sound manner within regulatory expectations. In a world increasingly subject to digitalization and the use of technology, technology risk management has become increasingly significant across organizations, becoming one of the key themes at board meetings. Cyberattacks have become increasingly commonplace and the trend continues to move upward.<br/><br/><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities:<br/><br/></strong>This individual contributor role is part of the second line technology risk management team within the GRC group, headed by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) of the company. This is a unique opportunity to work with a team of diverse and talented professionals who are responsible for building the technology risk management program and providing independent risk oversight to the technology, cyber security and business continuity management risks.<br/><br/>Reporting to the Director for Cybersecurity, Technology, and Resiliency Risk Oversight (CTRRO), this position is responsible for independently assessing and reporting risks and providing a view of aggregate risks. The risks identified by this team are reported to the Senior Management, Risk Management Committees, Board of Directors and Regulators. This position will be responsible for effectively collaborating with key stakeholders across lines of business and lines of defense to ensure risks are managed effectively and efficiently in accordance with the company policies and applicable regulatory requirements.<br/><br/><ul><li>Conduct independent, proactive risk management and oversight of technology, cybersecurity and business continuity management risks generated within business processes or that occur due to use of Technology.</li><li>Learn technology, cybersecurity, and business continuity management processes at American Express, demonstrating strong levels of curiosity and willingness, in order to present an effective credible challenge. </li><li>Perform data-driven reviews focused on technology, cybersecurity, and business continuity management risks.</li><li>Develop and enhance data-driven key risk indicators and key performance indicators that provide real time and meaningful insights into the risk and performance trends.</li><li>Stay knowledgeable of relevant regulations, guidelines &amp; industry standards.</li><li>Support the design of independent technology risk oversight program which defines the engagement and integration with various risk management programs, including Process Risk Self Assessments, Business Continuity Management, New Product Approval, Mergers &amp; Acquisitions etc.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Minimum Qualifications: <br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor’s Degree in related field</li><li>5+ years of experience in risk management across any of the three lines of defense</li><li>Proven ability to identify risks, analyze issues and derive meaningful insights about risk trends</li><li>by conducting interviews and analyzing large volumes of data</li><li>Excellent analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy</li><li>Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills with minimal supervision</li><li>Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills</li><li>Willingness to challenge traditional thinking by actively engaging in constructive dialogue </li><li>Educational background: Computer Science or Information Systems </li><li>Working knowledge of one or more of the data mining tools/technologies (e.g. Microsoft Excel: Pivot Tables SQL, SAS, Python, R)</li><li>Experience in risk management across cyber security, information technology, 3rd party, business continuity management</li><li>Industry certifications (e.g. CISM, CISA, CRISC)</li><li>Understanding of risk assessment methodologies, frameworks and industry standards (e.g. COSO, COBIT, ISO 27001, FAIR or NIST RMF)</li><li>Knowledge of relevant policies &amp; regulations (e.g. OCC Heightened Standards, FFIEC IT booklets)</li><li> Experience with Governance, Risk and Compliance tools (e.g. Archer)<br/><br/></li></ul>Candidate will be aligned with CTTRO team work timings/schedule. Currently, team follows the work timing as follows:<br/><br/><ul><li> Team follows hybrid work model with 3 days work in Office and 2 days work from home</li><li> Work timings observed by the team are as follows:<br/><br/></li></ul>Monday to Thursday: 1pm - 9:30pm<br/><br/>Friday: 9am - 5:30pm<br/><br/>We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:<br/><br/><ul><li>Competitive base salaries </li><li>Bonus incentives </li><li>Support for financial-well-being and retirement </li><li>Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability benefits (depending on location) </li><li>Flexible working model with hybrid, onsite or virtual arrangements depending on role and business need </li><li>Generous paid parental leave policies (depending on your location) </li><li>Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) </li><li>Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program </li><li>Career development and training opportunities<br/><br/></li></ul>American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.<br/><br/>Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>