---
title: Penetration Tester
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/penetration-tester-at-wipro-4019948372?position=10&pageNum=0&refId=q8mw0I%2FPsPdACn8oGNQzFA%3D%3D&trackingId=uWJAkDCfnsUJY4tCC57y6w%3D%3D
company: Wipro
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-09
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>Wipro is Hiring for Penetration tester for Mumbai / Hyderabad locations.</p><p><br/></p><p>Those who have interested please share your latest resume to naga.venna@wipro.com.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Description for Penetration Tester for Infra and Cloud</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Experience Required:</u></strong> At least 7-10 years of experience.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Job Description (Required skills / Responsibilities): </u></strong></p><ul><li>Conduct highly complex offensive security operations testing consistent with known adversary tactics techniques and procedures and contribute to the development of objectives and approaches taken to remediate risk</li><li>Act as the subject matter expert on all aspects of penetration testing</li><li>Develop and maintain security testing plans</li><li>Examine current penetration testing practices and identify key risks, then execute programs to address them</li><li>Document security issues and impacts identified through offensive operations in a clear and concise manner to facilitate reporting to impacted stakeholders</li><li>Provide guidance and recommendations to stakeholders responsible for security remediation actions to close identified gaps and remediation validation testing</li><li>Automate penetration and other security testing on networks, systems and applications</li><li>Develop meaningful metrics to reflect the true posture of the environment allowing the organization to make educated decisions based on risk</li><li>Consult with defensive operations teams on adversary tactics to guide and mature cyber defensive countermeasures</li><li>Design, implement, and maintain secure container orchestration platforms using Kubernetes and Docker, ensuring compliance with industry best practices and security standards.</li><li>Conduct regular security assessments and vulnerability scans of container images, identifying and remediating security issues to reduce risk exposure.</li><li>Collaborate with development and DevOps teams to integrate security into the CI/CD pipeline, enabling automated security checks during image builds and deployments.</li><li>Conducted threat modeling and risk assessments to proactively identify and mitigate security risks in containerized applications.</li><li>Collaborate with security teams to enforce network segmentation and implement security controls for container clusters.</li><li>Automated security compliance checks using tools like Open Policy Agent (OPA) and integrated them into CI/CD pipelines.</li><li>Independently handle complex issues with minimal supervision, while escalating only the most complex issues to appropriate staff</li><li>Prepare Weekly and monthly status reports – Technical and Management reports / Dashboards</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Good to have skills:</u></strong></p><ul><li>CTF and Bug Bounty Experiences</li><li>Robust creativity and problem-solving skills</li><li>Ability to think analytically</li><li>Proficiency in scripting languages</li><li>Ability to identify and exploit vulnerabilities</li><li>Advanced written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Good Understanding of Containerization Technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift etc.</li><li>Good Understanding of Cloud Platforms such as AWS, Azure, GCP and OCI etc.</li><li>Good Understanding of Security Standards such as CIS Benchmarks, NIST, OWASP</li><li>Good Understanding of CI/CD Pipelines such as Jenkins, GitLab etc.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Good to Have Certifications: </u></strong>OSCP, GPEN, CEH, CREST, GWAPT, CISSP, OSCE, GXPN, OSWE, CISA</p><p><br/></p><p>Thanks,</p><p>Bhupal.</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>