---
title: Chief Information Security Officer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-information-security-officer-at-the-edge-partnership-the-edge-in-asia-4021732667?position=8&pageNum=5&refId=R7Sq0DXDdHZl5OkVqOIlAQ%3D%3D&trackingId=HkaL5TLwoRWkN9JgZUku0Q%3D%3D
company: The Edge Partnership - The Edge in Asia
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>The client is a leading commodity exchange in India, specializing in the trading of both agricultural and non-agricultural commodities through futures contracts. They are a key player in the Indian financial market, offering a robust platform for transparent price discovery, risk management, and hedging opportunities. The exchange provides a diverse range of commodities which are facilitated through a state-of-the-art electronic trading platform that ensures seamless trading, clearing, and settlement processes.</p><p><br/></p><p>The client prioritizes market integrity and transparency, offering real-time price dissemination, order matching, and trade reporting to enhance market efficiency and stakeholder confidence. They also provide innovative risk management solutions, including futures and options contracts, helping market participants mitigate price risks and manage volatility.</p><p><br/></p><p>They are seeking a dynamic CISO to lead their information security efforts. The ideal candidate will have a strong track record in developing and implementing robust security strategies, managing security risks, and collaborating with key stakeholders.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>NOTE:</strong></p><ul><li>THIS OPPORTUNITY IS OPEN TO CANDIDIDATES FROM COMMODITY EXCHANGE OR FINANCIAL SERVICES BACKGROUND ONLY.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Some of the key responsibilities will include:</strong></p><ul><li>Conducting strategic reviews and continuous upgrades of our cyber security framework.</li><li>Staying ahead of the latest developments in information security, aiming to match global best practices.</li><li>Collaborating with compliance, audit, legal, and HR teams to ensure robust security governance.</li><li>Managing risk assessment, security policies, and awareness training programs across the organization.</li><li>Leading efforts to ensure compliance with regulations, minimizing risks, and overseeing incident response.</li><li>Reporting to senior management and the Board on the status of security programs.</li><li>Engaging with external resources and agencies to maintain a strong security posture.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>To be eligible for this role you will require:</strong></p><ul><li>Qualification: B.E. / B. Tech, CISSP / CISA / CISM / ISO 27001 Lead Implementer</li><li>Experience: 16+ years in Information Security / Cybersecurity, preferred experience with Board / Regulatory interactions</li><li>Excellent analytical skills</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Functional Competencies:</p><ul><li>Executive-level written and verbal communication</li><li>Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills</li><li>Critical thinking and problem-solving abilities</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Behavioral Skills:</p><ul><li>Ability to thrive in fast-paced, high-growth environments</li><li>Poise in high-pressure situations</li><li>Effective project management under strict timelines</li><li>High personal integrity and professionalism in handling confidential matters</li><li>Ability to communicate security concepts to all levels, including the Board of Directors</li><li>Agile and execution-focused mindset</li><li>Strong leadership, collaboration, and stakeholder management skills</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Please contact Ratneshwar Banerjee or email your cv directly in word format with Job ID: 13493 to ratneshwar@theedgepartnership.com</p><p><br/></p><p>Please note that due to the high number of applications only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. If you do not hear from us in the next 7 business days, we regret to inform you that your application for this position was unsuccessful<em>.</em></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>