---
title: Data Scientist 4
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-4-at-oracle-4021900098?position=2&pageNum=5&refId=oigUsHvw7te9TeJo4hUpJw%3D%3D&trackingId=rrCfAtygpgfVRFKYEYMshQ%3D%3D
company: Oracle
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>Oracle’s Financial Services Analytical Applications group is responsible for the development and marketing of financial industry-specific marketing, profitability, risk management, fraud, and regulatory compliance analytics applications. Our software is in over 70% of Global Systemically Important Financial Institutions (GSIFS). Our market-leading financial crime and compliance software suite is used by over one hundred leading financial institutions globally and underpins Anti-Money Laundering, Operational Risk, and Enterprise Fraud systems at some of the largest financial institutions in the world.<br/><br/>Career Level - IC4<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong>Job Requirements<br/><br/><ul><li> Provide comprehensive technical requirements and design docs</li><li> Actively engage in collaboration groups and think outside of the box.</li><li> Design rules and algorithms to identify fraudulent activity such as real-time transaction fraud and Identity Fraud and Cybercrime.</li><li> Meet metrics for engineering quality</li><li> Train pre-sales and sales teams on product usage and product positioning.</li><li> Fully document all development and ensure product documentation is industry leading.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Qualifications:<br/><br/><ul><li> 6+ years of experience in building machine models in R, Python or SAS and/or hands-on knowledge of graph analytics.</li><li> Hands-on expertise with SQL databases such as Oracle</li><li> Knowledge of the Apache Hadoop ecosystem, Apac<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Us<br/><br/></strong>As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s problems. True innovation starts with diverse perspectives and various abilities and backgrounds.<br/><br/>When everyone’s voice is heard, we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. It’s why we’re committed to expanding our inclusive workforce that promotes diverse insights and perspectives.<br/><br/>We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.<br/><br/>Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer a highly competitive suite of employee benefits designed on the principles of parity and consistency. We put our people first with flexible medical, life insurance and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.<br/><br/>We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by calling +1 888 404 2494, option one.<br/><br/><strong>Disclaimer:<br/><br/></strong>Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer*. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.<br/><br/><ul><li> Which includes being a United States Affirmative Action Employer</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>