---
title: Cyber Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-at-yo-hr-consultancy-4022367817?position=16&pageNum=0&refId=gyOlaF9%2FJnTE0BcftTJH5g%3D%3D&trackingId=HZ4rZHJIeiHvy7SSOSRv6g%3D%3D
company: YO HR Consultancy
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-08-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          YO HR CONSULTANCY is a leading recruitment firm in the None industry. We specialize in connecting companies with highly skilled cybersecurity professionals to protect their valuable assets and information. As a Cyber Security Analyst, you will play a crucial role in safeguarding our client's systems and networks from potential threats and attacks.<br/><br/><strong>Role And Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Monitor information security alerts from firewalls, IDS, OS, Anti-Virus, servers, and other security tools through the use of an SIEM.</li><li>Perform Level 1 analysis of intrusions to network, application, and infrastructure-related devices.</li><li>Detect and document anomalies identified on the network.</li><li>Participate as a member of the incident response team.</li><li>Maintain or assist in the maintenance of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all data in physical and/or electronic format.</li><li>Support cyber security initiatives through both predictive and reactive analysis.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Candidate Qualifications<br/><br/></strong>The ideal candidate for this role should possess:<br/><br/><ul><li>4-7 years of experience in the information security field</li><li>Experience with a variety of operating systems (Windows/Linux/Unix/Mac)</li><li>Familiarity with security tools and frameworks<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required Skills<br/><br/></strong>The successful candidate should have:<br/><br/><ul><li>Cyber-security</li><li>Operating systems</li><li>SIEM</li><li>Cloud Technologies experience<br/><br/></li></ul>We are looking for a highly motivated individual who is able to work under pressure, maintain composure in a fast-paced environment, and manage multiple priorities effectively. Excellent writing skills and the ability to create detailed documentation are essential. As a Cyber Security Analyst, you should be open-minded, adaptable, and passionate about learning. Experience with Active Directory, cloud technologies (AWS, Azure/O365), and a willingness to take up any challenges are highly valued.<br/><br/>If you are passionate about cybersecurity and have the required skills and qualifications, we would love to hear from you. Join our team at YO HR CONSULTANCY and make a significant impact in the field of cyber security.<br/><br/><strong>Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</strong>Skills: cyber-security,operating systems,cloud technologies experience,siem,cyber security
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>