---
title: Information Security | Immediate Joiner
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/information-security-immediate-joiner-at-5paisa-4023336751?position=1&pageNum=0&refId=q8mw0I%2FPsPdACn8oGNQzFA%3D%3D&trackingId=bjGuPYiXFoTqrsSECpiAJQ%3D%3D
company: 5paisa
location: Thane, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-13
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Position Overview:</strong></p><p>The Information Security Assistant will play a key role in supporting the CISO by managing security operations, monitoring threats, ensuring compliance, and facilitating effective cyber incident response. This role requires a strong understanding of IT infrastructure, Cloud infrastructure, information security principles and practices, excellent organizational skills, and the ability to work collaboratively with various teams.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><strong>Security Operations:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist in monitoring of security systems (CSPM, SIEM, CASB, ZTNA), including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and anti-virus solutions.</li><li>Support daily security operations and help ensure the security infrastructure is functioning as intended.</li></ul><p><strong>Threat Monitoring and Analysis:</strong></p><ul><li>Monitor security alerts and reports to identify potential threats and vulnerabilities.</li><li>Assist in the analysis of security incidents and collaborate with the team to develop mitigation strategies.</li></ul><p><strong>Compliance and Documentation:</strong></p><ul><li>Help maintain and update security policies, procedures, and documentation.</li><li>Develop Guidelines and manuals to the IT and Information security based on industry best practices (NIST CSF, CIS, etc.)</li><li>Support compliance with relevant regulations and standards (e.g., SEBI, DPDP, ISO 27001, industry-specific requirements).</li></ul><p><strong>Incident Response:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist in responding to security incidents, including investigating and documenting events.</li><li>Provide support during incident handling and coordinate with relevant teams to resolve issues.</li></ul><p><strong>Reporting and Communication:</strong></p><ul><li>Prepare and present security reports and updates to the CISO and other stakeholders.</li><li>Communicate effectively with various departments to ensure security practices are understood and followed.</li></ul><p><strong>Administrative Support:</strong></p><ul><li>Manage scheduling and coordination of security meetings and training sessions.</li><li>Assist in maintaining an inventory of security tools and assets.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Information Security, Computer Science, or a related field (or equivalent experience).</li><li>Proven experience in a security-related role or a strong understanding of information security principles.</li><li>Familiarity with security technologies and tools (e.g., SIEM, firewalls, IDS/IPS).</li><li>Knowledge of regulatory requirements and standards relevant to information security.</li><li>Excellent organizational and multitasking abilities.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>High level of integrity and discretion in handling sensitive information.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Preferred Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Individual with experience of Networking would be preferred.</li><li>Security certifications such as CompTIA Security+, CEH, CISSP, ISO 27001 LA or similar.</li><li>Hands on experience in using MsOffice. <strong>Proficient with MS excel and MS PowerPoint.</strong></li><li>Experience with scripting or automation for security tasks.</li><li>Work experience on working in a Cloud / hybrid environment will be an advantage</li><li>Familiarity with risk management and vulnerability assessment.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>