---
title: Cyber Security Analyst II [T500-14187]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-ii-t500-14187-at-fedex-acc-4024487932?position=35&pageNum=0&refId=uqvmcPXW4qvjxNBQS0nfgA%3D%3D&trackingId=mKBJtT1F3nk%2FJtYF%2F6ApCQ%3D%3D
company: FedEx ACC
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-12
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Title: Cyber Security Analyst – Cyber Risk Metrics </strong></p><p><strong>Work Location: </strong></p><p>IN/Hyderabad</p><p>FedEx Information Security (InfoSec) ensures the security of the enterprise systems and data, through business agility, system reliability, and information security controls to enable the business to deliver the Purple Promise. The Global InfoSec team strives to protect the enterprise from cyber threats, secure business operations, and ensure global regulatory compliance. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Descriptions:</strong></p><p>We are seeking an ideal candidate who thrives on solving complex problems and gets bored by regular daily operational tasks. Have a great analytical skill and loves to work with data complexities. Understands nitty gritty of infosec domains and worked on risk metrics or at least have experience of creating infosec reports. Having a collaborative mindset and working well with others.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Required Skills:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Heavy Data Analytics, Data science and data Mining exp.</strong></li><li><strong>Demonstrate good knowledge in at least two information security domains - too good to have knowledge in information security domains or willing to learn about information security.</strong></li><li><strong>Cyber Risk Metrics:</strong> Prepare and analyze organization-wide cyber risk metrics for cyber risk scorecards.</li><li><strong>Data Analytics and Automation:</strong> Leverage strong data analytics, automation, and AI skills to collect data from various sources (both managed and unmanaged) and create risk metrics.</li><li>Creating reports for internal teams, external clients and/or stakeholders</li><li>Collaborating with different business units to collect and analyze data.</li><li>Visualizing data with graphs, infographics, and other methods</li><li>Establishing KRIs based on different KPIs for Infosec domains to measure and reduce the risk as per defined baselines and manage organization’s risk posture.</li><li>Structuring large data sets to find usable information.</li><li>Processing information with a team of analysts and other associates</li><li><strong>Information Security Domains:</strong> Demonstrate good knowledge in at least two information security domains (e.g., network security, application security, cloud security etc.).</li><li><strong>Risk Reporting:</strong></li><li>Automated risk reporting dashboards tailored to different audiences’ needs.</li><li>Provide real-time risk reporting for executive management and stakeholders.</li><li><strong>Coding Experience:</strong></li><li>Good to have coding experience for InfoSec tool or product development.</li><li>Familiarity with Microsoft Power BI, Power Automate, or similar tools is a plus.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Behavioral Competencies:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Effective Communication:</strong></li><li>Communicate effectively with colleagues and management during presentations.</li><li>Provide consultation to business stakeholders on various cyber risks.</li><li><strong>Collaboration:</strong></li><li>Collaborate as a team player within the security department and across the organization.</li><li><strong>Mindset and Adaptability:</strong></li><li>Motivated individual with a proactive “make it happen” mindset, capable of performing within tight timelines.</li><li>Openness to learning and thriving in challenging environments.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Preferred Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline</li><li>Proficiency in English comprehension</li><li>Preferably with minimum 3-6 years of work experience especially in application support, cyber security, or regulatory compliance</li><li>Preferably have Analytical Skills; Planning &amp; Organizing Skills; Project Management Skills; Interpersonal Skills; Accuracy &amp; Attention to Detail</li><li>Preferably have practical knowledge in using ServiceNow Modules and Microsoft Office, particularly in Power BI, Power Automate</li><li>Preferably have practical experience in implementing LEAN, AGILE and Design Thinking</li><li>Strong troubleshooting skills a must</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>