---
title: Intelligence Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/intelligence-analyst-at-pinkerton-comprehensive-risk-management-4025252712?position=5&pageNum=5&refId=GfT1YmPtI1K3NxEYA9nFLg%3D%3D&trackingId=y4LQE24mQmaxb8FlDn8wQA%3D%3D
company: PINKERTON | Comprehensive Risk Management
location: Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-08
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          We are as invested in your career as you are.<br/><br/>As you navigate through these uncertain times, know that Pinkerton has been a stable, thriving corporation for over 170 years. As recognized leaders around the globe in the corporate risk management industry, you can rest assured that joining us now means moving to a future-looking company. We are here today, will be here tomorrow, and are a thriving community of over 2,000 risk management professionals.<br/><br/>This is just one of the several exciting career opportunities that are currently available.<br/><br/><strong>Job Summary<br/><br/></strong>The Intelligence Analyst, assigned to one of Pinkerton's largest global clients, will provide rapid review of world events to determine threat level, mitigate identified risk, and disseminate information to customers. The Analyst conducts deep-dive analysis and summarizes for other team members and senior management into intelligence briefings, reports, and threat assessments.<br/><br/><strong>Essential Functions<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Represent Pinkerton's core values of integrity, vigilance, and excellence.</li><li>Monitor open-source information to identify threats and escalate appropriately.</li><li>Analyze and assess risks and threats to the company, associates, or assets.</li><li>Evaluate escalating situations, apply critical thinking, and coordinate effectively with other security personnel.</li><li>Triage incoming requests for information, provide timely and pertinent analysis, and coordinate response efforts with multiple departments.</li><li>Produce intelligence reports, threat assessments, and conduct investigations.</li><li>Build and maintain business relationships internally as well as with external partners and law enforcement agencies.</li><li>Provide intelligence briefings to senior management.</li><li>Assist respective management and provide monthly, quarterly, and annual reports.</li><li>Drive a respectful team culture centered on open communication, sharing, listening, and recognition of team members at all levels.</li><li>Guide and sharpen the analytic line in assessments, where possible and feasible.</li><li>All other duties, as assigned.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Education, Experience, And Certifications<br/><br/></strong>Bachelor's degree in international relations or global affairs or security-related equivalent with at least two years of analytical, open-source investigative techniques and/or military, government, law enforcement, executive protection experience. Pinkerton is an inclusive employer that seeks candidates with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.<br/><br/><strong>Competencies<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Proficient bi-lingual language skills; English plus Tamil, Telegu, Kannada, or Marathi.</li><li>Foreign language proficiency in Mandarin or Japanese, preferred.</li><li>Effective verbal and written communication skills with the ability to succinctly summarize and assess information.</li><li>Knowledge of general customer service principles and practices.</li><li>Able to carry out responsibilities with little supervision.</li><li>Able to manage multiple projects simultaneously with competing priorities and deadlines.</li><li>Client orientated and results driven.</li><li>Able to analyze complex situations, use active listening, and recommend appropriate solutions.</li><li>Able to appropriately manage highly confidential information.</li><li>Client orientated and results driven.</li><li>Attentive to detail and accuracy.</li><li>Flexible and adaptable to changing conditions.</li><li>Motivated and initiative driven.</li><li>Serve as a positive team member.</li><li>Effective time management skills.</li><li>Computer skills; Microsoft Office and intranet.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Working Conditions<br/><br/></strong>With or without reasonable accommodation, requires the physical and mental capacity to effectively perform all essential functions;<br/><br/><ul><li>Regular computer usage.</li><li>Occasional reaching and lifting of small objects and operating office equipment.</li><li>Rotating shifts required to include day and night shifts, not to exceed 45 hours per week.</li><li>Travel, as required.<br/><br/></li></ul>Pinkerton is an equal opportunity employer to all applicants and positions without regard to race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/prenatal status, pregnancy/childbirth or related conditions, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any protected status by local, state, federal or country-specific law.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>