---
title: Research Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/research-analyst-at-swiss-re-4028650932?position=42&pageNum=0&refId=TbmlGnXPnGhBuzFITnrUHg%3D%3D&trackingId=iFyUg4VE5PlYsrpw3bb6vw%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Sustainability Research Analyst<br/><br/><strong>Function<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re Institute (SRI) Research &amp; Engagement<br/><br/><strong>Functional Title<br/><br/></strong>Research Analyst<br/><br/><strong>Supervisor<br/><br/></strong>Head SRI Market Intelligence &amp; Thought Leadership<br/><br/><strong>Organizational Unit<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re Institute<br/><br/>Location:<br/><br/>Bangalore, India<br/><br/><strong>About The Swiss Re Institute (SRI)<br/><br/></strong>Are you passionate about sustainability strategy? Then we might have a great opportunity for you! You will be on top of current developments in this fast-moving environment. You will form part of a diverse team and collaborate with colleagues from across Swiss Re. The Swiss Re Group is one of the leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. The mission of the Swiss Re Institute is to create competitive advantage in risk knowledge and capital allocation. Our sustainability research is leveraged by regulators and insurers worldwide and forms the basis for our issue-driven discussions with clients.<br/><br/><strong>In Your Role You Will<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Drive sustainability research projects, including developing thematic concepts, and write reports &amp; presentations </li><li>Support Group sustainability reporting and perform benchmarking analyses against peers </li><li>Support with quantitative analysis and research on climate strategies and carbon footprints of companies </li><li>Research, review, and analyse company GHG emission disclosures to evaluate emission performance </li><li>Support development of models for estimating emissions and maintain existing models <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualification And Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Relevant Master's/MBA degree (Sustainability/ Environment/ Economics, certifications in ESG/ climate studies) </li><li>A minimum of 2 to 4 years of experience in climate, decarbonization strategy, and sustainability, with specialization in topics such as sustainable finance, carbon accounting and markets, and ESG strategy </li><li>Knowledge and experience in preparing sustainability reports and strategies, with focus on ESG risk reporting frameworks and regulations (e.g., CSRD, ISSB, SASB, GRI, TCFD, UN PRI, SFDR) </li><li>Understanding of various scenario families including NGFS, IPCC, and IEA scenarios </li><li>Reporting experience, preferably regarding sustainability topics or in Investor Relations </li><li>Underwriting or asset management experience is an advantage </li><li>Ability to work with an array of platforms and analytics tools incl. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Python, R, PowerBI </li><li>Ability to translate requirements into pragmatic solutions, taking initiative to implement them </li><li>Proficiency in English (written and spoken) <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Personal Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Excellent communication and writing skills making sure that the message comes across in a concise manner </li><li>Have an automation-based mind set to support the automation of the data extraction and cleaning. </li><li>You strike a good balance between precision and pragmatism </li><li>You are a strong team player </li><li>You are a fast learner and receptive to constructive challenge <br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/>If you are an experienced professional returning to the workforce after a career break, we encourage you to apply for open positions that match your skills and experience.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>131297
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>