---
title: Data Security & Protection Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-security-protection-analyst-at-egon-zehnder-4028542427?position=25&pageNum=0&refId=Ws4E0X6aDNhIUt22%2B9u5fw%3D%3D&trackingId=2qYdJ4IiUFxdd8orspEdbQ%3D%3D
company: Egon Zehnder
location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Egon Zehnder<br/><br/></strong>Egon Zehnder (www.egonzehnder.com) is trusted partner to many of the world's most respected organizations and is a leading leadership advisory firm, with more than 560+ consultants and 63 offices in 36 countries spanning Europe, the Americas, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. Our clients range from the largest corporations to emerging growth companies, government and regulatory bodies, and major educational and cultural institutions. We bring together vast industry expertise and diverse insight to form the world's preeminent leadership advisory firm.<br/><br/>The firm is a private partnership which allows us to operate independent of any outside interests. As a result of this unique culture, Egon Zehnder has the highest professional staff retention rate for a global firm in our profession. We work with both disruptors and the disrupted client base across all industries.<br/><br/><strong>Knowledge Centre India (KCI)<br/><br/></strong>Knowledge Center India (KCI) is the central engine that drives the operational value for the firm. Established in 2004, KCI has evolved over the years from purely operational efficiencies into more value-added service offerings, becoming a true business partner. There are various teams based at KCI that work with Global Offices, Practice Groups and the Management across all aspects of the firm's business life cycle. With a headcount of more than 500, the center has 5 core teams working including Experts, Research Operations, Visual Solutions, Projects/CV Capture and Digital IT, working round the clock on many missions critical elements.<br/><br/><strong>Your Journey at Egon Zehnder Starts Here<br/><br/></strong>At EZ, you have the opportunity to deliver digital transformation initiatives across the globe for the organization. Our focus on emerging technology solutions along with our commitment to internal career growth and exceptional client value.<br/><br/><strong>Who we are!<br/><br/></strong>We are part of Digital-IT team established 16 years ago in Gurgaon, India to provide technology support and rollout digital initiatives to 60 plus global offices. Digital IT has six key pillars - Collaboration Technology; Functional Technology; Digital Technology; Security &amp; Architecture; Infrastructure &amp; Services, Digital Success to support business and to take lead on digital transformation initiatives with the total strength of 150+ team members across the globe.<br/><br/><strong>Requirements<br/><br/><br/></strong><strong>Position<br/><br/></strong>This is a critical role atthe cusp of cyber security and data privacy. This individual will have a direct line of reporting to the Director as well as a dotted line of reporting to the Egon Zehnder's Legal Counsel.<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities And Accountabilities<br/><br/><br/></strong><strong>What will you do?<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Provide response to Data Security and Protection Requests for client proposals (RFP), audit questionnaires and other documents to Egon Zehnder clients from an IT and data privacy perspective as received from business or legal team</li><li>Work closely with various IT functions and Legal team to ensure that technical knowledge is maintained, and that RFP and other client response can be accurately and timely answered</li><li>Assess gaps in policies, processes and cybersecurity technology while reviewing and responding to the above RFPs and come up with proposals and suggestions for their mitigation or risk reduction</li><li>Stay updated and informed of the various Data privacy laws e.g. GDPR, CCPA and similar as mandated by various countries and assess them to identify and propose additional controls and policies for our local offices to remain compliant with the law of the land around IT and Cyber security</li><li>Collaborate cross-functionally with roles such as IT infrastructure, Digital/application development, and Legal to identify and highlight gaps and risks with existing applications and technologies around Cybersecurity and Data Protection laws</li><li>Be responsible for the adoption and implementation of standard frameworks e.g. NIST</li><li>Adopt new controls and align cybersecurity policies as per well-known standards e.g. ISO 27001 for reduced scrutiny and quick closures of RFPs</li><li>Actively participate in driving Risk management function around information and cyber security, maintenance of risk register, and work towards improving the risk maturity level of the firm</li><li>Assess risk imposed by technical solutions and advise business of security standards, best practice and solutions to address data security and protection risk</li><li>Actively participate in running internal data security and protection audits, which includes assessment and gap analysis of current IT security policies, processes, systems and controls. </li><li>Be responsible for driving cyber and information security awareness and training campaigns globally for Egon Zehnder offices<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Experience And Key Competencies<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Experience in RFI and RFP response in the area of Cyber Security Solutions including infrastructure security, security monitoring /analytics / incident-response, risk &amp; compliance management, identity &amp; access management and data security solutions</li><li>Minimum 2 years of Information Security, vendor risk management and/or other risk management experience preferably in banking or financial services industry </li><li>Experience and affinity with data privacy laws namely GDPR </li><li>Familiar with regulatory and industry standards such as NIST, ISO 27001 etc. and SOC1/SOC2 audit reports</li><li>Ability to answer complex risk assessments and questionnaires across all domains of IT Security</li><li>Understanding of enterprise security systems (e.g., Firewalls, VPN, SEIM), security threats and related risks, data loss prevention, malware protection etc</li><li>Ability to adapt to a fast-moving IT landscape and keep pace with the latest thinking and new security technologies</li><li>Capability to understand, analyze, and interpret legal, contractual language, and summarize findings in concise, articulate manner</li><li>Ability to be discrete and maintain confidentiality with respect to agreement contents and other highly sensitive business matters and projects<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Skill Set:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Audit and compliance</li><li>Cybersecurity, Information security</li><li>Data privacy, GDPR, Privacy laws</li><li>Documentation management</li><li>Risk assessment, Gap analysis</li><li>Microsoft office proficiency <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits<br/><br/><br/></strong><strong>Benefits which make us unique<br/><br/></strong>At EZ, we know that great people are what makes a great firm. We value our people and offer employees a comprehensive benefits package. Learn more about what working at Egon Zehnder can mean for you!<br/><br/><strong>Benefits Highlights:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 5 Days working in a Fast-paced work environment</li><li> Work directly with the senior management team</li><li> Reward and Recognition</li><li> Employee friendly policies</li><li> Personal development and training</li><li> Health Benefits, Accident Insurance<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Potential Growth for you!<br/><br/></strong>We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will be doing regular catchups with your Manager who will act as your career coach and guide you in your career goals and aspirations.<br/><br/><strong>Location<br/><br/></strong>The position is based at Egon Zehnder's KCI office in Gurgaon, Plot no. 29, Institutional Area Sector 32.<br/><br/><strong>EZIRS Commitment to Diversity &amp; Inclusion<br/><br/></strong>Egon Zehnder Information Research &amp; Services (EZIRS) aims for a diverse workplace and strive to continuously lead with our firm values. We respect personal values of every individual irrespective of race, national or social origin, gender, religion, political or other opinion, disability, age and sexual orientation as warranted by basic rights enshrined in the UN Declaration of Human Rights. We believe diversity of our firm is central to the success and enables us to deliver better solutions for our clients. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment and supportive work environment, where everyone feels comfortable to be themselves and treated with dignity and respect and there is no unlawful discrimination related to employment, recruitment, training, promotion or remuneration.<br/><br/><strong>Egon Zehnder is an Equal Opportunity Employer<br/><br/></strong>Egon Zehnder provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, disability, or any other legally protected status and to affirmatively seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>