---
title: BA - Risk Management ( Cyber Risk)
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ba-risk-management-cyber-risk-at-ltimindtree-4030101227?position=12&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=JiqWptPb%2FeYXcsjvH0iMng%3D%3D
company: LTIMindtree
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Skill: BA - Risk Management (Cyber Risk) </strong></p><p><strong>Experience: 5-8 Years</strong></p><p><strong>Location: Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad </strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Responsibilities: </u></strong></p><ul><li>Assist the Business in key policy adherence and monitoring.</li><li>Keep Management aware of the risk and control environment of the Business through continuous and open communication, by preparing and supporting the due diligence for Senior Management on Business Risk meetings with Senior Management and follow-ups on issues, concerns and corrective action plans.</li><li>Supports the application of operational risk policies, technology and tools, and governance processes to create lasting solutions for minimizing losses or near misses from failed internal processes, inadequate controls, and emerging risks.</li><li>Manages the day-day governance of Key Risk Assessment and Risk Inventory Systems. </li><li>Support teams in the quality, completeness, and accuracy of the implementation of the Control Framework, including Risk Control Policy, Control Standard, Issue Management Policy, Lesson Learned Policy and Control Inventory.</li><li>Assist in performing a detailed analysis on the identification of issue root cause, partnering with control and process owners to recommendations holistic corrective actions and improvements, provide check and challenge to ensure appropriate escalation in according with Issue Management and Escalation Policies.</li><li>Help contribute to the Lessons Learned Policy, including monitoring of control breaches and dissemination and learnings across other business units for process improvement to limit the occurrence of similar future events and where similar risk exposure might exist.</li><li>Support in dealing with Operational and Compliance Risk in accordance with established Policy requirements.</li><li>Assist in performing a detailed analysis to identify, assess, escalate, and manage risk exposures across Risk Categories (Operational Compliance, Strategic, Reputational, etc), including material, emerging and concentration risks in accordance with enterprise Policies and the establishment of Key Indicators to monitor risk exposures.</li><li>Assist in supporting Risk Appetite and monitor / assess exposures against this in accordance with enterprise requirements (if applicable).</li><li>Be part of the process to identify, assess, record and response to Operational and Compliance Risk events, ensuring these are captured accurately, timely and in accordance with requirements.</li><li>Help ensure that adequate governance and training are in place to support management of Risk profiles.</li><li>Contribute to the risks associated with New Activities and changes to the Business, ensuring these are well understood and adequately controlled (if applicable).</li><li>Support with risk and control assessments or coordination for programs within various risk stripes and ensure sufficient subject matter expertise exists to enable management of these risks within the Business (e.g. third party, vendor, applications etc) (if applicable).</li><li>Support with standards and procedures that conform to enterprise requirements and support sound operational and compliance risk management.</li><li>Apply knowledge of the business, products or services to identify and implement control points and processes throughout the business.</li></ul><p><strong><u>Must have Qualifications:</u></strong></p><ul><li>Cyber Risk Technology and / or Cyber Risk Experience</li><li>Data Analytics skills. Advanced MS Excel and PowerPoint experience a plus. </li><li>Detailed oriented with analytical skills, as the role requires a large amount of data interpretation and presentation.</li><li>Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Certification in Cyber security and risk analysis area is great plus</li><li>Effective organizational influencing skills required.</li><li>Excellent problem-solving skills Ability to comprehend the big pictures with high attention to critical details</li><li>Demonstrated ability to develop and implement strategy and process improvement initiatives.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>