---
title: Cybercrime Investigator
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cybercrime-investigator-at-luytens-technology-solutions-4030130302?position=24&pageNum=0&refId=Hr9mEz3VKmhaXsOugtnO4A%3D%3D&trackingId=GTo20v%2Bxsqmd208ezsLofA%3D%3D
company: Luytens Technology Solutions
location: Delhi, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ability to draft SoPs/ RFP/ Advisory Manuals/ Reports pertaining to Cyber Security/Information Security/Cryptography/Cyber Crime Investigation.</li><li>Ability to assist in in-house projects pertaining to Research and Development in Cyber Security/Information Security/Cyber Crime Investigation and detection tools &amp; capabilities development.</li><li>Ability to work under limited supervision, work with different investigation teams to aid in investigation and to plan and execute forensic support for both simple and complex investigations.</li><li>Examine artifacts related to cryptography and various crypto storage applications or services.</li><li>Monitor open source content including social media platforms and other web spaces to identify and report any cybercrime/ anti-national/ dangerous/ undesirable activities.</li><li>Using data from social media, open sources, search engines, public records, and the deep web to compile detailed reports on cybercrime, criminals, and criminal infrastructure.</li><li>In-depth knowledge of investigations in encryption concepts, chain of dependencies, etc. Perform analytic on crypto products like cryptocurrencies using available tools as well as through developing bespoke tools.</li><li>Knowledge of technologies like Blockchain, AI/ML, IOT Security, and cyber threat landscape.</li><li>Review unlawful and suspicious content in open source and escalate violations to the appropriate government department.</li><li>Responsible for co-coordinating with social media platforms and other online platforms.</li><li>Collect, organize, analyze, and develop reliable actionable intelligence about cybercrime, criminals, criminal infrastructure from open sources.</li><li>Information Security certification is a strong plus.</li><li>Must have strong communication skills (verbal, written).<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Certification/Exp. related to cyber security/Information security/cybercrime investigation /Forensics domain.<br/><br/></strong>Skills: investigation,cyber,security
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>