---
title: Digital Forensic expert
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/digital-forensic-expert-at-luytens-technology-solutions-4030128586?position=19&pageNum=0&refId=TbmlGnXPnGhBuzFITnrUHg%3D%3D&trackingId=NwoaaKjHWxW%2BrO6%2F4qR5fA%3D%3D
company: Luytens Technology Solutions
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-09-20
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Profile<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ability to identify the fundamental concepts and technologies involved in computer, digital devices and networking.</li><li>Knowledge of computer, mobile device, network, cloud and other wireless communication of technologies.</li><li>Analyzing the forensic data on a variety of conventional disks phones/smart phones/cloud/memory, as well as having in depth understanding of the limitations of existing methods for extracting data from the digital device.</li><li>Examine the resources related to virtualization and various cloud storage applications or services.</li><li>In-Depth knowledge of investigations in virtual environments, cloud forensic models, architectures, chain of dependencies etc.</li><li>Ability to independently evaluate multiple operating systems, network configurations, network architectures and topologies for identifying attacks /Vulnerabilities.</li><li>Demonstrate in-depth knowledge of network capturing /assessing tools used to analyze traffic at the application layer, network layer, translating it to identify and interpret inconsistent/ anomalous activity in packet details.</li><li>Ability for capturing network data, collection, distribution, analysis and presentation.</li><li>Ability to draft SoPs/ RFP/Advisory Manuals /Reports pertaining to cyber crime investigation &amp; Digital forensics.</li><li>Ability to assist in in house projects pertaining to Digital Forensic /Cyber Crime investigation tools &amp; capabilities.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Non-Technical<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Project planning and execution of cyber research projects, Program/Project implementation and management Outreach activities, designing and delivering training programs project plan development, RFP proposal writing Research designing &amp; Report writing, Monitoring &amp; Evaluation, Impact Evaluation Communication&amp; Presentation skills.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Certification Required<br/><br/></strong><strong>﻿like CHFI, GASF, GNFA, IACIS Certified Mobile Device Examiner (ICMDE), GCFA, GCIH, GIAC,ENCE, CFE or Equivalent certification related to forensic domain.<br/><br/></strong>Skills: investigation,cyber,digital,mobile,communication,projects
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>