---
title: Security Officer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-officer-at-hyatt-4032657548?position=21&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=2xzspf%2F0R9AvzlXlAx5r%2Bg%3D%3D
company: Hyatt
location: Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India
posted_date: 2024-09-25
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Main Duties<br/><br/>Administration<br/><br/><ul><li> Checks and accounts for all inventories in the Security Office.</li><li> Records all occurrences of security interest in the log book for the information of the security personnel and management.<br/><br/></li></ul>Customer Service<br/><br/><ul><li> Handles all guest and internal customer complaints and inquiries in a courteous and efficient manner, following through to ensure problems are resolved satisfactorily.</li><li> Maintains positive guest and colleague interactions with good working relationships.<br/><br/></li></ul>Operational<br/><br/><ul><li> Through hands-on management, supervises closely all Security Officers in the performance of their duties in accordance with Hotel Policies &amp; Procedures and applicable laws.</li><li> Ensures the Security Officers are at areas of their assignment at all times.</li><li> Ensures patrol been carried out in all public areas, restaurants, guest floors, offices, plant rooms and all other areas of the hotel, ensuring safety, security and comfort of all guests, hotel personnel.Ensures that all Security personnel look out for any suspicious loiterers or articles.</li><li> Patrols public areas to detect fires, unsafe conditions, and missing or inoperative safety equipment.</li><li> Assists the Assistant Security Manager/Assistant Managers-Security during his tour of duty.</li><li> Ensures the smooth running of all operational procedures within the department and in-relation to other departments.</li><li> Conducts enquiries and checks on all security and fire related incidents and submit initial reports.</li><li> Conducts roll-call/daily briefing during each shift on the hotel’s activities/functions of the day to the security officers 15 minutes before the commencement of their dutie s.</li><li> Assists/Organises the Security Fire Fighting Team in the event of an emergency.</li><li> Ensures all Fire Exits are clear from obstruction at all times.</li><li> Assists management and enforcement offices in emergency situations.</li><li> Assists in the investigation of any accidents and security incidents involving hotel guest and employees.</li><li> Questions any suspicious character in a polite manner; Refuses entry if the subject is not able to provide reasonable reply; Requests for assistance immediately if the situation arises.</li><li> Assists in employee bag checks and periodic locker searches and ensures that they are carried out according to the hotel’s Policy and Procedure.</li><li> Monitors and controls the movement of all employees leaving and entering the hotel through the employee entrance.<br/><br/></li></ul>Personnel<br/><br/><ul><li> Assists to oversee the punctuality and appearance of all Security Officers, making sure that they wear the correct uniform and maintain a high standard of personal appearance and hygiene, according to the hotel and department’s grooming standards.</li><li> Monitors and motivates the performance of the Security Officers.</li><li> Supports the implementation of The People Brand, demonstrating and reinforcing Hyatt’s Values and Culture Characteristics.</li><li> Ensures that employees have a complete understanding of and adhere to employee rules and regulations.</li><li> Ensures that employees follow all hotel, company and local rules, policies and regulations relating to fire and hazard safety, and security.</li><li> Support the relevant changes and action plans as a result of Employee Engagement Survey.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Primary Location<br/><br/></strong>IN-CT-Raipur<br/><br/><strong>Organization<br/><br/></strong>Hyatt Raipur<br/><br/><strong>Job Level<br/><br/></strong>Hourly/Entry Level Employee<br/><br/><strong>Job<br/><br/></strong>Security<br/><br/><strong>Worldwide/Local Candidates<br/><br/></strong>Local
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>