---
title: Network Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/network-security-at-reliance-industries-limited-4032574714?position=8&pageNum=0&refId=qn6QhdJ1CFxGLxYGx7p%2BKA%3D%3D&trackingId=gk4Ypr8Ve%2BJFAeHHOPUAMA%3D%3D
company: Reliance Industries Limited
location: Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          We have an excellent opportunity for the role of Network Security, based out of Navi Mumbai Location. Interested applicants can apply to below given job description -<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong>Perform the security assessment on telecom infrastructure to cover the security aspects like architecture security, application security, vulnerability management, MBSS controls, protocol security and security tools integrations.<br/><br/>Discuss the findings and mitigation procedures with planning team and Vendor for the necessary closure.<br/><br/>Analyse the vulnerabilities in order to appropriately characterize threats and provide remediation advice. Familiarity with classes of vulnerabilities, appropriate remediation, and industry-standard classification schemes (CVE, CVSS, CPE).<br/><br/>Initiate and conduct a complete walk through session for New solution/New Node/Patch/Release and understand the systems functionality and architecture from security aspects.<br/><br/>Work closely with different stakeholders to initiate security assessment in Lab, publish reports and track it to closure and ensure the fix is rolled out in production.<br/><br/>Conducts regular penetration testing on telecom infrastructure and identify security gaps and tracking it to closure.<br/><br/>Ensure 100% periodic assessment annually of all the Telecom network elements. Publish reports to respective stakeholders and track them to closure within the timelines.<br/><br/>Conduct the security Audits with external regulatory bodies like DoT as per license conditions.<br/><br/>Understand different aspects of regulatory guidelines from DoT on telecom w.r.t security of the network and organization.<br/><br/>Protection Measures for Telecom Network: Prevent any hacking or data leak attacks against Jio from succeeding.<br/><br/><strong>Work Experience<br/><br/></strong>Work experience in vulnerability management.<br/><br/>Work experience in security of Embedded Linux and different types of OS.<br/><br/>Conducted internal and external audits as per ISO 27001:2013 and regulatory bodies as DoT.<br/><br/>Experience of VMware technology, Dockers, Kubernetes architecture.<br/><br/>Understanding of Telecom network<br/><br/>Understanding of OSI,TCP/IP layers and communication protocols<br/><br/><strong>Competencies /Expertise Required (Functional &amp; Behavioral)<br/><br/></strong>Specialization course in Cyber Security, Certification for ISO 27001:2013, CEH<br/><br/>Systematic problem-solving skills, with the ability to think.<br/><br/>Excellent in analytical thinking for translating data into informative visuals and reports.<br/><br/>Adaptable to change.<br/><br/>Quick Learner Open learn and work on new technologies and products
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>