---
title: Cyber Security Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-at-wipro-4032919516?position=51&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=J56dKHtLaVkeUUFnIYfYxQ%3D%3D
company: Wipro
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-01
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>JD for Varonis<br/><br/></strong><strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Lead and oversee remediation projects to address data security issues and optimize system performance.</li><li>Conduct daily health checks on Varonis systems, including file walks and Active Directory (AD) walks to ensure operational integrity and security.</li><li>Develop and implement strategic plans for future enhancements and scalability of the Varonis platform.</li><li>Regularly engage with stakeholders to communicate project progress, risks, and outcomes.</li><li>Manage and remediate inconsistent permissions and global group access on file servers using both manual and automated methods.</li><li>Create and enforce procedures to prevent the reoccurrence of sensitive data with open access.</li><li>Create, update, and maintain detailed Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for remediation and system management.</li><li>Run and analyse reports in DatAdvantage to identify and address highly sensitive open access and broken permissions.</li><li>Validate data classification engine rules for various regulatory standards (e.g., HIPAA, GDPR, PCI) to ensure compliance.</li><li>Deploy and manage Varonis patches on a weekly and monthly basis to ensure system stability and security.</li><li>Test and configure various Varonis modules, including Data Classification Engine (DCE), Data Classification Label (DCL), and Link Remediator, according to business requirements.</li><li>Add and configure new file servers to extend the scope of monitored resources within the Varonis platform.</li><li>Collaborate with internal teams and external vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues related to Varonis servers, file servers, and SharePoint Online.</li><li>Gather and analyse logs related to Varonis issues, such as file walk errors, missing events, and classification labelling errors.</li><li>Manage requests for server reboots, security exceptions, and open ports, including creating and tracking change requests.</li><li>Conduct weekly stakeholder meetings to review project status, address risks, and resolve dependencies or blockers.</li><li>Regularly interact with various teams to discuss and implement strategies for expanding the monitoring scope and improving system integration.<br/><br/></li></ul>Varonis - Data Classification
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>