---
title: Legal- Corporate Advisory
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/legal-corporate-advisory-at-godrej-boyce-mfg-co-ltd-4033148347?position=54&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=%2BZAq5OqXt8ORueSr1raomg%3D%3D
company: Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd.
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-23
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong><u>About Godrej &amp; Boyce:</u></strong></p><p><br/></p><p>Godrej is one of India’s oldest, most trusted and respected brands.</p><p>Our founders, Ardeshir and Pirojsha Godrej started the journey in 1897 with Engineering excellence and a strong pioneering spirit, towards making India self-reliant.</p><p>Godrej &amp; Boyce (G&amp;B) positively impacts the lives of one-third of India’s population through its diverse presence across 10 industries – from building complex bespoke engineering solutions to making branded consumer goods like appliances, furniture, locks and security solutions. With over 14,000 committed employees working in 14 diverse businesses offering consumer, office and industrial products &amp; services of the highest quality across India and across the globe.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Job Description:</u></strong></p><p><br/></p><p>The incumbent will be responsible for:-</p><p>1. Drafting, reviewing and negotiating agreements (with suppliers and clients) and transactional documents by incorporating appropriate clauses in order to protect organization from legal, commercial and regulatory risks. These agreements can include master service agreements, sales commissioning agreement, technology transfer agreements, RFQ/Tenders for government and private companies, channel partner agreements, procurement agreements, non-disclosure agreements etc. Standardization/drafting of model contracts for each type of Line of Business/Industry, as appropriate.</p><p>2. Steering risk mitigation discussion with the business units to enable them to understand the legal position and proposition.</p><p>3. Using contract management tool for an end-to-end life cycle management of all contracts. Storing contracts, along with risk mitigation measures in the contract management tool and making them available to senior management in the form of reports or otherwise on need basis.</p><p>4. Providing accurate legal advice to business units on various legal and business issues, including without limitation on Indian Contract Act, Sale of Goods Act, Competition law, Environment related laws, rules and regulations, Cyber laws, Packaging laws and rules, Ecommerce and general corporate law matters.</p><p>5. Creating awareness and training in relation to the indicated compliance for legal team and business units.</p><p>6. Developing expertise in various areas of laws. Updating the business units about the changes in the relevant laws. Conducting workshops and seminars.</p><p>7. Creation and regular updation of standard drafts/templates. Creation of manuals and playbooks on frequently faced challenges with business units or relevant subject matter, e.g., Public Procurement Policy, Stamp Duty, Sales Schemes, MSME, Bank Guarantees, etc.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Experience –</u></strong> 3 to 6 years of relevant work experience in Corporate Advisory Role.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Qualification –</u></strong> Must have full time LLB Degree.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Required Skills - </u></strong></p><p><br/></p><p>1. Strong drafting and negotiation skills.</p><p>2. Good understanding of commercial contracts.</p><p>3. Understanding of Indian laws applicable to manufacturing companies.</p><p>4. Ability to work as part of a team.</p><p>5. Result oriented.</p><p>6. Excellent verbal and written communication and should have good presentation skills.</p><p>7. Strong ethical standards.</p><p>8. Ability to respond quickly and efficiently.</p><p>9. Ability to work without dependency on outside counsels.</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>