---
title: Cyber Security Specialist
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-specialist-at-adani-energy-solutions-ltd-4033907337?position=49&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=iJSObGXIVUNgFZlbsnulOg%3D%3D
company: Adani Energy Solutions Ltd.
location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
posted_date: 2024-09-24
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><p><br/></p><p>To oversee organization's cybersecurity, IT and OT security. This includes developing, implementing, and enforcing security policies, protecting critical business systems and its data from unauthorized use with confidentiality, integrity, and availability of business systems. Periodic cybersecurity assessment and ensure closure of all open vulnerabilities as per agreed timeline.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></p><p> Cybersecurity alignment with business goals &amp; objectives.</p><p> Cybersecurity program development and maturity assessment.</p><p> Risk assessment and mitigation to protect against cyber incidents/attacks.</p><p> Cyber crisis management, business continuity and disaster recovery planning.</p><p> Cybersecurity budgeting for enhancement and assessments.</p><p> Managing and directing cybersecurity personnel, projects &amp; programs, and reporting.</p><p> Vendor, OEM, and partner management.</p><p> Cybersecurity awareness and training.</p><p> SOC response and Kill chain review.</p><p> Threat modeling and threat hunting.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>JOBHOLDER REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><p>Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Preferably in Computer Sc, IT,</p><p>Cybersecurity), MCA, M. Tech.</p><p>Experience: Minimum 7- 15 years in IT domain &amp; Cybersecurity .</p><p>Other Technical Skills: Core IT Infrastructure, IT Security, Business Enterprise</p><p>Applications, BCP, DC &amp; DR management experience.</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>