---
title: Threat Intelligence Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-intelligence-analyst-at-nouryon-4034716945?position=24&pageNum=0&refId=z4RP%2FQ6URa8ADUKeuEHpnQ%3D%3D&trackingId=7gDcYr%2FoMLXXpoQYn2J4og%3D%3D
company: Nouryon
location: Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-09-25
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job purpose:</strong></p><p>As a Threat Intelligence Analyst, you are responsible for enhancing our Cyber resilience and ensuring our organization can detect and respond to the present threats. You will work with a team of other Cyber specialists in the Office of the CISO. You work closely with the IT department on security related matters and other departments as needed.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>About the job (Job Responsibilities)</strong></p><ul><li>Collect and analyses data from multiple sources to cluster and track activity of the threats that are under the intelligence requirements.</li><li>Produce actionable intelligence products for our internal stakeholders.</li><li>Analyze malware, collect infrastructure and other malicious artefacts related to threat activity.</li><li>Provide threat intelligence enrichment and support for the incident response investigations</li><li>Provide ongoing threat intelligence operational insights to assist the Threat Hunting process.</li><li>Effectively manage workload and time to meet deadlines of intelligence deliverables.</li><li>Provide recommendations for an adaptive security posture.</li><li>Support efforts to manage vulnerabilities</li><li>Communicate security information and requirements to all relevant internal and external parties, in all relevant situations</li><li>Advice on the approach Nouryon takes to protect its assets</li><li>Advice on mitigating identified risks by making use of automated controls and/or monitoring reports</li><li>Ensure implementation / adherence / compliance with the Information Security Framework</li><li>Quality checks information security implementations and proper risk analyses</li><li>Support in other areas of security as needed</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>We believe you bring (Education &amp; Experience)</strong></p><ul><li>Master/ bachelor’s degree in business management, computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, or a related field of study</li><li>Relevant Experience working in a similar role in threat intelligence, research or incident response that involved elements of threat actor tracking and investigation.</li><li>Experience with Threat Intelligence tools (TIP) and threat intelligence sources (paid and OSINT (Open-Source Intelligence))</li><li>Experience supporting and working on various cyber security technologies such as SIEM, Logging tools, firewalls, IDS/IPS, EDR, Microsoft Security Suite</li><li>A good understanding of OS fundamentals and Network Communication protocols, experience and technical knowledge of threat actor tradecraft that can be used to develop techniques to discover and track the advanced threats of today and tomorrow across multiple data sets</li><li>Familiarity with common techniques used by malware and threat actors and the industry standard lexicon for discussing such threats (e.g., MITRE ATT&amp;CK, Kill Chain)</li><li>Experience with scripting might be a plus (PowerShell or Python).</li><li>A good understanding of how an enterprise IT environment is interconnected (knowledge of authentication technologies such as privileged access management, Active Directory, Proxy, Email Protection, Endpoint Protection etc.)</li><li>A minimum of 3 years' relevant work experience in an international corporation.</li><li>Threat Intelligence certifications might be a plus, or other relevant security certifications (GIAC)</li><li>Excellent written English and communication skills for producing quality intelligence reports to be consumed both at the executive and technical practitioner level</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Key Generic Competencies</p><ul><li>Ability to manage and motivate indirect reports</li><li>Ability to engage and influence at all levels in the strategic agenda.</li><li>Self-motivated and drive for result and proactive attitude.</li><li>Training capabilities and desire to learn.</li><li>Ability to drive incremental changes through others.</li><li>Program and project management skills.</li><li>Demonstrate courage and integrity.</li><li>Innovation and continuous improvem</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>Please apply via our online recruitment system. We will not accept applications via e-mail. Once it's with us we will review to see if we have a match between your skills and the role! For more information about our hiring process, visit: nouryon.com/careers/how-we-hire/</p><p>We look forward to receiving your application!</p><p><br/></p><p>We kindly ask our internal candidates to apply with your Nouryon email via Success Factors.</p><p>We’re looking for tomorrow’s Changemakers, today.</p><p>If you’re looking for your next career move, apply today and join Nouryon’s worldwide team of Changemakers in providing essential solutions that our customers use to manufacture everyday products such as personal care, cleaning, paints and coatings, agriculture and food, pharmaceuticals, and building products. Our employees are driven by the wish to make an impact and actively drive positive change. If that describes you, we will gladly make way for your ambitions. From day one we support you with your personal growth, through challenging positions and comprehensive learning and development opportunities, in a dynamic, international, diverse, and proactive working environment.</p><p>Visit our website and follow us on LinkedIn.</p><p><br/></p><p>#WeAreNouryon #Changemakers</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>