---
title: Security Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-at-everbridge-4036360248?position=41&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=jmyb0XXqjGkoAYNUwVW9Tw%3D%3D
company: Everbridge
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-10
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          As a member of our Information security team, you will join a fast-paced and well-rounded security team. You’ll work in a cutting-edge cloud environment that powers our company’s impressive growth. Last year our platform sent over 1 billion messages, helping customers navigate critical communications during significant man-made events and natural disasters. If you are looking to make a difference with your work, and help our customers prioritize safety, then we would love for you to join our team.<br/><br/><strong>What You'll Do<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Security Rating Platforms:</li><li>Leverage platforms like BitSight and SecurityScorecard to monitor and improve the organization's security posture.</li><li>Analyze security ratings and work with relevant teams to address identified issues and improve overall scores.</li><li>Track third-party risk management using security rating platforms and provide actionable insights to stakeholders.</li><li>Cloud Security:</li><li>Implement and maintain security controls in cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCP).</li><li>Conduct security assessments of cloud architecture to identify potential risks and vulnerabilities.</li><li>Collaborate with cloud engineering teams to integrate security best practices into cloud infrastructure.</li><li>Endpoint Protection:</li><li>Design, implement, and manage endpoint protection strategies to safeguard against malware, ransomware, and other threats.</li><li>Configure and optimize endpoint protection platforms, ensuring up-to-date security policies and threat intelligence.</li><li>Vulnerability Management:</li><li>Conduct regular vulnerability scanning and penetration testing to identify and remediate security weaknesses.</li><li>Prioritize and track the remediation of vulnerabilities, collaborating with IT and DevOps teams.</li><li>Develop and maintain vulnerability management processes aligned with industry standards like NIST CSF.</li><li>Security Frameworks &amp; Compliance:</li><li>Apply security frameworks such as NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF), ISO/IEC 27001, and CIS Controls to build a robust security program.</li><li>Ensure compliance with relevant regulatory requirements and industry standards.</li><li>Develop and maintain security policies, procedures, and documentation.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>What You'll Bring<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field. A master’s degree is a plus.</li><li>5+ years of experience in cybersecurity, with a focus on cloud security, endpoint protection, and vulnerability management.</li><li>Hands-on experience with security rating platforms like BitSight and SecurityScorecard.</li><li>Experience with Cloud Security Posture Management solutions.</li><li>Strong understanding of networking, particularly TLS, and experience with network security tools.</li><li>Familiarity with security frameworks such as NIST CSF, ISO/IEC 27001, and CIS Controls.</li><li>Relevant certifications such as CISSP, CEH, CISM, or AWS Certified Security Specialty are highly desirable.</li><li>Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to think critically and make informed decisions.</li><li>Strong verbal and written communication skills.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Everbridge<br/><br/></strong>Everbridge empowers enterprises and government organizations to anticipate, mitigate, respond to, and recover stronger from critical events. In today’s unpredictable world, resilient organizations minimize impact to people and operations, absorb stress, and return to productivity faster when deploying critical event management (CEM) technology. Everbridge digitizes organizational resilience by combining intelligent automation with the industry’s most comprehensive risk data to Keep People Safe and Organizations Running™. For more information, visit www.everbridge.com, read the company blog, and follow on Twitter. Everbridge… Empowering Resilience<br/><br/><em>Everbridge is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, or sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.</em>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>