---
title: Network Security- Fortinet
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/network-security-fortinet-at-infosys-4036967591?position=48&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=g0CVYxDgnt3eiudKzCl6Cw%3D%3D
company: Infosys
location: Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-09-30
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<ul><li>Fortinet (Fortigate Firewalls, Fortimanager) - General Security Protocols and technologies: Access control policies (ACLs, Security policies), Snort (IPS: Intrusion Prevention System, AMP: antimalware) , Security zones, Encryption (IPSec tunnels) -Experience on IOS Commissioning -Experience on commissioning new Hardware devices. -Experience on working on customer projects for deploying Site to Site VPN, migrations , etc -Experience on IPSEC tunnels, Access control policies ( ACL) etc. -Hands on in deploying SSL VPN. -Knowledge in designing and deploying new setup for network security services. ( eg : DMZ, internet ckts and traffic etc)<br/><br/></li></ul>A day in the life of an Infoscion<br/><br/><ul><li> As part of the Infosys delivery team, your primary role would be to interface with the client for quality assurance, issue resolution and ensuring high customer satisfaction.</li><li> You will understand requirements, create and review designs, validate the architecture and ensure high levels of service offerings to clients in the technology domain.</li><li> You will participate in project estimation, provide inputs for solution delivery, conduct technical risk planning, perform code reviews and unit test plan reviews.</li><li> You will lead and guide your teams towards developing optimized high quality code deliverables, continual knowledge management and adherence to the organizational guidelines and processes.</li><li> You would be a key contributor to building efficient programs/ systems and if you think you fit right in to help our clients navigate their next in their digital transformation journey, this is the place for you! If you think you fit right in to help our clients navigate their next in their digital transformation journey, this is the place for you! Required experience is needed in below: 1) Experience on IOS Commissioning 2) Experience on commissioning new Hardware devices. 3) Experience on working on customer projects for deploying Site to Site VPN, migrations , etc 4) Experience on IPSEC tunnels, Access control policies ( ACL) etc. 5) Hands on in deploying SSL VPN. 6) Knowledge in designing and deploying new setup for network security services. ( eg : DMZ, internet ckts and traffic etc)</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>