---
title: Threat Intelligence Researcher
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-intelligence-researcher-at-cloudsek-4038893635?position=15&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=Gv9FHJAvjRskDJ89yzJ%2Bgw%3D%3D
company: CloudSEK
location: Delhi, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>WHO ARE WE?</strong></p><p>We are a bunch of super enthusiastic, passionate, and highly driven people, working to achieve a common goal! We believe that work and the workplace should be joyful and always buzzing with energy!</p><p><strong>CloudSEK,</strong> one of India’s most trusted Cyber security product companies, is on a mission to build the world’s fastest and most reliable AI technology that identifies and resolves digital threats in real-time. The central proposition is leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a quick and reliable analysis and alert system that provides rapid detection across multiple internet sources, precise threat analysis, and prompt resolution with minimal human intervention.</p><p>Founded in 2015, headquartered at Singapore, we are proud to say that we’ve grown at a frenetic pace and have been able to achieve some accolades along the way, including:</p><p><strong>CloudSEK’s Product Suite:</strong></p><ul><li>CloudSEK <strong>XVigil </strong>constantly maps a customer’s digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.</li><li>A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring<strong> </strong>tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers’ attack surfaces. CloudSEK's <strong>BeVigil </strong>uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.</li><li>CloudSEK’s Contextual AI <strong>SVigil</strong> identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Milestones:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>2016</strong>: Launched our first product.</li><li><strong>2018</strong>: Secured Pre-series A funding.</li><li><strong>2019</strong>: Expanded operations to India, Southeast Asia, and the Americas.</li><li><strong>2020</strong>: Won the NASSCOM-DSCI Excellence Award for Security Product Company of the Year.</li><li><strong>2021</strong>: Raised $7M in Series A funding led by MassMutual Ventures, with total investment in to $10M</li><li><strong>Awards &amp; Recognition</strong>: Won NetApp Excellerator's "Best Growth Strategy Award," CloudSEK XVigil joined NVIDIA Inception Program, and won the NASSCOM Emerge 50 Cybersecurity Award.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Threat Intelligence Research:</strong> Spearhead research initiatives focused on the Indian subcontinent, identifying and analyzing emerging threats, vulnerabilities, and threat actors.</li><li><strong>Web Application Testing:</strong> Conduct thorough testing of web applications to identify vulnerabilities and provide actionable insights.</li><li><strong>Customer Engagement:</strong> Work closely with premier organizations in the country, providing expert guidance and support in threat intelligence.</li><li><strong>Report Writing:</strong> Prepare detailed reports on findings and recommendations with a high degree of accuracy and clarity.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Experience:</strong> 2-5 years of experience in the relevant field, particularly in threat intelligence and cybersecurity.</li><li><strong>Technical Skills:</strong> Strong understanding of web application testing and application testing.</li><li><strong>Soft Skills:</strong> Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with a proven ability to write clear, concise, and impactful reports.</li><li><strong>Adaptability:</strong> Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Why Join CloudSEK?</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Work with Industry Leaders:</strong> Collaborate with some of the top organizations in the country, enhancing your expertise and professional network.</li><li><strong>Impactful Work:</strong> Play a key role in protecting critical infrastructure and sensitive information across the Indian subcontinent.</li><li><strong>Professional Growth:</strong> Opportunities for continuous learning, skill development, and career progression within the company.</li></ul><p></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>