---
title: Assistant Security Executive -Operations ( 81783561 )
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/assistant-security-executive-operations-81783561-at-reliance-industries-limited-4039356282?position=20&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=g458Bu1IoxhXS2uzTQJYzQ%3D%3D
company: Reliance Industries Limited
location: Jamnagar, Gujarat, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Responsibilities :<br/><br/></strong><strong> Access control # men, material, information and vehicles <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Check &amp; deploy adequate manpower for managing access control &amp; Property Protection in the zone/ Property Protection in the off-shore area / open sea static Security post. </li><li> Ensure checking of valid incoming/outgoing vehicles/men/material - on shore and off shore </li><li> Ensure logging of entry of vessels / ships in off shore / anchorage area. </li><li> Ensure logging of material transition to-n-from the zone. </li><li> Ensure Security of information repositories # IT hardware / record rooms etc. </li><li> Monitor traffic violations in the zone area. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Asset protection <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Identification of critical infrastructure in zone. </li><li> Identification of critical infrastructure in offshore area like SPM / Control Room, berth etc. </li><li> Manage adequate Security measures for the critical infrastructure. </li><li> Ensure Security operations as per laid processes and procedures. </li><li> Deviation handling and management. </li><li> Ensure availability and up-keeping of Security infrastructure. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Situational awareness <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Awareness about special INT inputs (internal team / own resources) to change the Security level. </li><li> Act on alarm raised from Security Control Room / Port Operation Centre. </li><li> Awareness about the movement/activities of other fishing and unauthorized boats in offshore area. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Governance Mechanism <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Ensure and conduct daily briefing of Shift Security Supervisors / guards as per briefing schedule. </li><li> Ensure deployment of system-effectiveness validation mechanism # special checks / inputs from other functionaries etc. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Education Requirement :<br/><br/></strong><strong> Necessary </strong> :<br/><br/><ul><li> Graduate/ Army Graduate </li><li> Or NCC "B" Certificate <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Desirable </strong> :<br/><br/><ul><li> Graduate - Any disciple </li><li> NCC - "C" Certificate (optional) </li><li> LLB/LLMor knowledge of Land of law-Criminal, IR and labour la </li><li> VIP Protection Courses - RGSS/ SPG/ NSG / Defence Services. ISPS / Port Security Protection Course/ Maritime Facility Security Course. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Experience Requirement :<br/><br/></strong><strong> Necessary <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 10 to 20 Yrs Service in Armed Forces / Para Military Force / Police<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong> Desirable <br/><br/></strong><ul><li> 0 to 3 Yrs experiences in Security functions. <br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Knowledge of Security Automation # Usage / technical functions.<br/><br/><strong>Skills &amp; Competencies :<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Should be through in site knowledge (topography and layout) and key capabilities of the team to extract desired results. </li><li> Pro-active approach in dealing with exceptions / odd-situations. </li><li> Must be resourceful, in depth knowledge about the Security documentation / processes &amp; procedures. </li><li> Should posses# adequate knowledge of marine security and tolerance when deployed /posted for maritime facilities protection assignment. </li><li> At GSOC/SOC- knowledge of Security automation system and technology, able to work at console tirelessly, ability to observe minute incident and react promptly. </li><li> Withstand and adequate courage to protect key personnel when deployed for personal protection. Knowledge of small weapons and possession of weapon License will be desirable.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>