---
title: Security Engineer
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-at-peoplefy-4039807985?position=12&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=fxmgGSz2e%2FFUsi8v3gRonQ%3D%3D
company: Peoplefy
location: Pune, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-01
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p>Greetings from Peoplefy!</p><p><br/></p><p>Experience - 4+ years</p><p>Location - Pune</p><p><br/></p><p>We are seeking an experienced Security Analyst with one of pur product based MNC client. Skilled in Trend Micro which focuses on deploying, managing, and optimizing the solutions, integrating them into existing environments, and handling advanced security incidents.</p><p>To provide comprehensive support for the IT infrastructure for the security topics, focusing on proactive measures to prevent disruptions and minimize impact. This involves managing Level 1, 2 and 3 activities, including event and incident management, as well as change management.</p><p><br/></p><p>Additionally, the project aims to ensure timely escalation to the appropriate stakeholders when necessary, facilitating efficient resolution of issues and maintaining the stability and reliability of the security environment.</p><p><br/></p><p>Job Description -</p><p>• Strong knowledge of EPP/EDR/XDR: EPP - TrendMicro, EDR</p><p>• Design, implement, and manage endpoint security solutions, including antivirus software, firewalls, and intrusion detection/prevention systems.</p><p>• Ensure comprehensive endpoint coverage and centralized management setup.</p><p>• Configure endpoint protection settings according to organizational requirements.</p><p>• Install and deploy Trend Micro Solution across various environments.</p><p>• Manage (health and availability), update/upgrade of the Security Solution</p><p>• Agent management, Monitoring, Upgrade agents versions, debug, repair</p><p>• Managing access, groups, roles, assets groups, security policies and security profiles, Firewall policies/rules, Rules Updates (Content signature updates…) &amp; Create/Manage Patterns rules (IOC, BIOC...)</p><p>• Analysis and processing critical security alerts and incidents (Malware, Intrusion, Exploitation, Exfiltration, etc.), Blacklisting / Whitelisting files, Asset Isolation</p><p>• Monitor EPP/EDR systems to detect and respond to security incidents</p><p>• KPIs - Provide overview for solution Operation for Build and Run phases (Socle Components/Agents/Incidents)</p><p>• Proficiency in Windows Server, Linux, or Unix operating systems.</p><p>• Monitor compliance actions for Windows/Linux systems for security topics</p><p>• Detect abnormal behavior in the operational environment for security topics</p><p>• Qualify the incidents relating to these anomalies</p><p>• Monitor compliance actions</p><p>• Support end-to-end security solutions (Implementation and provide technical support in BAU mode)</p><p>• Write documentation for support analyst and/or end users</p><p>• Train or educate end users) when needed.</p><p>• Capitalize, to make each operation smoother than the previous one</p><p>• Security: Antivirus, Intrusion Detection, Encryption.</p><p>• Documentation: Systems, Processes, Procedures.</p><p><br/></p><p>Secondary Skills (Good to have) –</p><p>• Advanced troubleshooting skills.</p><p>• Experience in enterprise-level infrastructure management.</p><p>• ITIL or other IT service management frameworks.</p><p>• Scripting languages: PowerShell, Python, Bash.</p><p>• Automation tools and techniques is a real plus.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Interested candidates please share your updated resumes on amruta.bu@peoplefy.com</strong></p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>