---
title: Threat Intelligence Specialist - AVP [T500-14535]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-intelligence-specialist-avp-t500-14535-at-mufg-4039898306?position=21&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=6uLnTuYYsP0OZVRDTNuGjw%3D%3D
company: MUFG
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-01
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>About the Role </strong></p><p><strong>Position Title: Threat Intelligence Specialist</strong></p><p><strong>Corporate Title: Assistant Vice President </strong></p><p><strong>Reporting to: Vice President of Threat Intelligence </strong></p><p><strong>Location: Bengaluru </strong> </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Profile </strong></p><p><strong>Position details</strong></p><p>The IRMD Threat Intelligence Centre is to ensure that key activities in furnishing MUFG with actionable intelligence by identifying, analysing, and tracking potential cyber threats that could impact the bank.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Roles and Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Lead collection of information for different level of cyber threat intelligence, ranging from strategic, tactical to operational. </li><li>Analyse information collected to produce actionable intelligence. </li><li>Utilise internal and OSINT tools to research threat, vulnerabilities, and intelligence on various threat actors relevant to MUFG.</li><li>Manage and finetune threat intelligence sources to fit the bank’s operating environment.</li><li>Lead the development and maintenance threat actor and TTP knowledge base.</li><li>Create comprehensive reports about current threat landscape and trends of interest to MUFG.</li><li>Develop, maintain, and enhance threat intelligence processes, procedure, and services.</li><li>Support the incident response function with relevant intelligence during incident response.</li><li>Support and participate in threat hunting activities.</li><li>Strengthen security measures by proactively identifying security weaknesses and implementing adjustments.</li><li>Provide insights and influence the cybersecurity roadmap of MUFG.</li><li>Guide, advise the team on threat intelligence procedures.</li><li>Continuously keep up to date with emerging threat trends within the cybersecurity landscape.</li><li>Participate in Global Intelligence team discussion.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Cybersecurity, or related field.</li><li>8-12 years of proven experience in cyber threat intelligence analysis, including the ability to identify, assess, and respond to various cyber threats.</li><li>Possess security certifications such as SANS GCTI, CISSP or any Cyber security specialty is an added advantage.</li><li>Good understanding of CTI framework like Mitre ATT&amp;CK, Cyber kill chain and Diamond model.</li><li>Up-to-date knowledge on cyber security technologies (TIPS, SIEM, SOAR, EDR and etc)</li><li>Strong analytical skills and the ability to envision solutions to complex security problems.</li><li>Proficiency in cybersecurity technologies and threat intelligence platforms.</li><li>Extensive understanding of internet security issues and threat landscape.</li><li>Strong knowledge of threat hunting, forensics, and incident response processes is an added advantage.</li><li>Experience with various cybersecurity tools and network monitoring systems.</li><li>Strong written and verbal communication skills.</li><li>Ability to work in a high-pressure environment.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>