---
title: Threat Response
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-response-at-applied-systems-4040491996?position=7&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=FTCG0Z776Qikg2OWzwjZXA%3D%3D
company: Applied Systems
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-04
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>Job Title Threat Response Analyst<br/><br/>Job &amp; Department Summary<br/><br/>Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a<br/><br/>Threat Response Analyst to join our Corporate IT team. Enjoy working in a fast paced, high<br/><br/>energy, growing environment, working highly collaboratively and driving business results? Then<br/><br/>we are looking for you!<br/><br/><strong>Required Skills &amp; Experience<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Educational Requirement: BE, BTech</li><li> 5-6 years of Experience</li><li> At least 3 years of experience conducting threat response activities.</li><li> Demonstrable knowledge of security event analysis leveraging SIEM tools.</li><li> Experience with endpoint detection and response solutions</li><li> Working knowledge of information security incident investigation and response skillset.</li><li> Working knowledge of security log parsing and analysis skill set.</li><li> Working knowledge of networking fundamentals (TCP/IP, DNS, SMTP/Email, network layers, Ethernet, ARP, etc.).</li><li> Utilize a logging platform (SIEM) for security analytics and identification of tactics, techniques, and patterns of attackers.</li><li> Contribute to the creation of threat and incident response runbooks.</li><li> Contribute to the production and tuning of event and threat detection rules.</li><li> Automate detection, analysis, and response action using SOAR and platform integrations</li><li> Participate in the Security Incident Response Team on-call rotation.</li><li> Collect and analyze threat intelligence reports covering new threats, vulnerabilities, products, and research.</li><li> Assist with the development of project plans and process documentation.</li><li> Author threat intelligence reports driven by our security operations team's own incidents, analysis, and adversary engagements.</li><li> Analyze event feeds and collected malware over the long term to trend and correlate.</li><li> Triages and handles/escalates security events and issues.<br/><br/></li></ul>Location: Bengaluru
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>