---
title: Lead Technology Analyst - CyberSecurity
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-technology-analyst-cybersecurity-at-airbus-aircraft-4041764842?position=3&pageNum=5&refId=km7k4I33F05VNDSj4%2FI3%2BQ%3D%3D&trackingId=urUh4HJwXpUNfop8zb3oEw%3D%3D
company: Airbus Aircraft
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>Description: The Lead Technology Analyst - CyberSecurity is part of the Information Management (IM) function. He/she will integrate DSDA (IM Cyber Security Architecture &amp; Consulting). He/she is a key person in charge of providing Cyber security consultancy, guidance and support to business projects. She/He has worldwide coverage and is in regular contact with all IM Product managers and architects in Europe, Airbus remote offices and affiliates. About the team &amp; the Role Today, governments, companies and private individuals are increasingly the target of attacks like theft of intellectual property, sensitive information and even money. Last year Norton Cybercrime Report estimated the global cost of cybercrime at around 150 billion Euros. Airbus is increasingly at risk due to its leading position in the aerospace and defence market. Additional risks come from our Extended Enterprise. In recent months the malware attacks we’ve seen have been more sophisticated. TheTechnology Analyst - CyberSecurity will be in charge of providing CyberSecurity consultancy and cyber Support to the business projects and to IM domains. She/he will integrate the internal Airbus team for IM Cyber Security Architecture &amp; Consulting (ICSAC), and contribute to the roll-out of the Security-by-Design framework on Airbus perimeter. She/he will represent Airbus CyberSecurity department, engage business projects, create privileged partnership with major business domains and efficiently contribute to the design and the architecture of new solutions and backbones This includes providing security expertise, collaborative definition of security measures and paradigms , ensuring intelligent balance between functional security and operational complexity , and easing the consultation/diffusion of security documentation. As IM Technology Analyst - CyberSecurity you will :<br/><br/><ul><li>Have a collaborative mindset, and be a real team player (motivated &amp; motivational )</li><li>Challenge traditional ways of thinking and propose new ideas</li><li>Provide professional cybersecurity consultancy and advisory to business projects</li><li>Adopt and promote security-by-design approach with different projects stakeholders</li><li>Proactively contribute to the business solutions’ design and architecture</li><li>Design and architect following a comprehensive Risk-based methodology</li><li>Manage publication of IM Security Standards and Blue Prints in Airbus Group worldwide context with Product managers, architects, and operational people and security experts.</li><li>Act as the IT/IS Security focal point in his/her domain,</li><li>Establish and maintain privileged relationship with these Airbus IM organizations,</li><li>Ensure the good reporting for her/his activity Qualification &amp; Experience:</li><li>Bachelor to Master Degree in a Technical/IT discipline or equivalent experience</li><li>Security Specialist on one ( or several) of the following technologies domains : 1. Windows security 2. Linux/Unix/MacOs/Android security 3. Kubernetes/dockers/containers security 4. Public cloud Azure/AWS/GCP security 5. Mainfraime (Z/Os family) security 6. Crypto / PKI / HSM / vaults 7. 3DX/Catia security 8. SAP authorization 9. SAP Basis security 10. PLM /windchill security 11. Identity and access management (IAM, MFA, SSO, ID Federation , authN/AuthZ….etc.) 12. Bastion security 13. GCP/Gsuite security 14. Virtualization security (Hypervisors, VDI …etc.) 15. Storage security 16. ZeroTrust &amp; Network security 17. Active directory security</li><li>Demonstrable consultative approach through internal or external organizations with real customer-centric mindset.</li><li>Certified to, or able to demonstrate strong working knowledge of ISO27001, CISSP or CSSP, CEH, OSCP …Etc.</li><li>Proven Track record in IT Security environment, IT/IS Architecture design and standards creation</li><li>Previous significant experience on AWS/Azure, Firewalls, Bastion, SIEM, DLP, IAM, MFA/UFA, EDR, Encryption, antimalware, MPLS/SDWAN, IDS/IPS, proxies , HSMs, DevOvps, sandboxes (…etc.) is a plus.</li><li>Ability to tackle of large range of security topics from hardware, networks, systems, applications to data, and new digital capabilities</li><li>Security Audit and risk management</li><li>Excellent communication and negotiation skills</li><li>Excellent Organisational and interpersonal skill</li><li>Leadership skills with the ability to drive a multi-functional team Success Metrics: As the successful candidate your main tasks &amp; accountabilities are:</li><li>Understand Airbus business and process to exchange with Security Risk &amp; mitigation aspects.</li><li>Grasp and understand Cyber vulnerabilities to connect them to risk</li><li>Work in MFT (Multi functional Team) inside and outside IM for an End 2 End perspective</li><li>Plan and commit on recommendations follow-up</li><li>Contribute to cyber risk avoidance</li><li>Agile mind-set, collaborative way of working, quick reaction in case of operational issues, SLA fulfilment &amp; service availability</li><li>Effective Coordination and Successful Collaboration with the transnational team members</li><li>Customer-first mindset</li><li>Assertiveness</li><li>Crisis Management</li><li>Effective conflict management<br/><br/></li></ul>This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.<br/><br/><strong>Company<br/><br/></strong>Airbus India Private Limited<br/><br/><strong>Employment Type<br/><br/></strong>Permanent<br/><br/><strong>Experience Level<br/><br/></strong>Professional<br/><br/><strong>Job Family<br/><br/></strong>Digital<br/><br/>By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.<br/><br/>Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.<br/><br/>Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com.<br/><br/>At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>