---
title: Sr. Specialist - Security Operations
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-specialist-security-operations-at-gmr-hyderabad-international-airport-ltd-4042399725?position=4&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=nFzuMHlNrHENDDocLjeOKA%3D%3D
company: GMR Hyderabad International Airport Ltd
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Purpose<br/><br/></strong>Processing and issuance of the Aerodrome Entry Permits to the entire airport community for seamless operations of airlines, stakeholder &amp; others, obtaining Security Clearance for Concessionaires / Service Providers for timely commencement of commercial operations, ensuring mandatory BCAS regulatory compliances and coordinating landside security operations including ramp traffic management at RGIA.<br/><br/><strong>ORGANISATION CHART<br/><br/></strong><strong>Key Accountabilities<br/><br/></strong><strong>Accountabilities</strong> <strong>Key Performance Indicators</strong> To assist VP Security in updating Policy guidelines and mandates issued by BCAS, MoCA and DGCA from time to time.<br/><br/> Updating SOPs<br/><br/> Preparing new SOPs<br/><br/> No. of non-compliance / observations reported by regulatory bodies<br/><br/>Implementation of Quality Control measures as per BCAS approved Airport Operators Quality Control Programme. Preparing annual schedule for Internal Audit / Inspection and follow up.  Ensuring Periodic Internal Audits are conducted to ensure efficacy of Inline System and ATRs are filed.  Ensuring covert test are conducted to maintain the efficacy of Screeners.  Ensuring Staff unable to detect covert tests and/or having poor TIP record shall be subject to CBT Training to enhance his image interpretation skills in the subsequent month. Ensure Contingency Plans in respect of unlawful interference with Civil Aviation operations are updated and shared with all stakeholders.<br/><br/>Number of amendments in BTCP and Contingency Plan to Handle Hijack situation<br/><br/> Reviewing and updating BTCP and Contingency Plan to Handle Hijack situation<br/><br/> Timeline<br/><br/>Ensure coordination for mandated meetings (prepare MOM and circulate) and mock exercises as per the mandates of the Regulatory Body<br/><br/> Quarterly BTRC meetings<br/><br/> Bi-yearly ACOHHS meeting<br/><br/> Yearly Mock Evacuation exercise<br/><br/> Yearly Mock Anti-hijack exercise<br/><br/> Timeliness<br/><br/>Preparing and sending Monthly reports  Monthly report regarding training and inline strength to BCAS  Monthly report of Incident/accident and other detail to BCAS  Monthly Bomb threat Call report  Monthly compliance on Legatrix and final compliance certificate  Quarterly update of MAG self-control assessment Recommend GHIAL Security staff for various Training Programmes mandated by GHIAL and Regulatory Authorities  No. of staff nominated.  No. of Training programmes staff nominated for  Mandatory trainings planned v/s actual. Maintaining Training Records.  Status of BCAS Training Record.  Status of DGR Training Record. Coordination with outside agencies, stakeholders and concessionaires for providing guidance on mandatory requirements to be fulfilled by them. Carry out periodic checks.<br/><br/> No. of meetings<br/><br/> No. of checks<br/><br/>Presentation of Mandatory documents to BCAS for scrutiny during Audits<br/><br/> No. of Audits<br/><br/> Preparing ATR and timely submission to BCAS<br/><br/>Preparing annual AOP of AVSEC vertical  Compiling and Ensuring timely submission of planned annual AOP of all sub verticals of AVSEC SPOC of AVSEC vertical  Process mapping of all sub-vertical  Business Impact Analysis  Risk assessment  Business continuity Plan  Handling petty cash reimbursement  Online transition of CMS  ISO Audit<br/><br/><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES - Additional Details<br/><br/></strong>Assist AVP/ Security and Control in coordination of landside security operations.<br/><br/>Manpower Planning and Develop patterns of optimum deployment for landside security operations and enforcement of SLA.<br/><br/>Liaise with BCAS, CISF and local Police authorities in connection with various operational matters and during emergencies pertaining to RGIA.<br/><br/>Liaise with BCAS for space and security clearances of Concessionaires and Service Providers<br/><br/>Co-ordination for timely approval of Aerodrome Entry Permits from BCAS for whole airport community.<br/><br/>Communicate to the Agencies/Departments, alerts issued by BCAS and enforce enhanced additional security measures<br/><br/>Assist in timely compliance report of observations in BCAS audits and inspections.<br/><br/>Attending Airport Security Committee Meetings and initiate action to plug the deficiencies deliberated in the meeting and submit compliance report to Head Security<br/><br/>Ensure that morale of the security staff of landside and security admin are kept in high spirit<br/><br/>Generate revenue as per the target set in the AOP and Identify major opex reduction opportunities<br/><br/>To ensure on time issuance of AEPs without hampering operations and adhering to BCAS guidelines and maintenance of records<br/><br/>To assist and co-ordinate mandatory regulatory Anti Hijacking &amp; Bomb Threat Exercises and Aerodrome Committee Meetings two times in a year<br/><br/>To ensure structure interaction with CISF, BCAS and RAXA for improved co-ordination and seamless operation at airport<br/><br/>To obtain GMR business critical security approval from BCAS and CISF<br/><br/>Implementation of Ramp De-congestion plan and ensuring average dwell time of vehicles on ramp with max 03/05 minutes.<br/><br/>Assist in implementation of Terminal De-congestion plan ensuring average clearance on passenger in 10 minutes.<br/><br/>To ensure that internal audit and inspection is done to as per Quality Control Programme to have quality control as per Airport Security Programme<br/><br/>Review of communication facilities in Anti-Hijacking Control Room and upgrade<br/><br/>To process police verification of all airport staff with ADGP office and follow up for issuance of AEP<br/><br/>Assist CSO in project kick off for commercial /yellow plate vehicles parking and ensure it is implemented it effectively.<br/><br/>To ensure effective Key Management system of all doors of RGI Airport<br/><br/>To run the Web Based Bar Coded Labor Passes for laborers for timely completion of project taken by GHIAL and GADL<br/><br/>To ensure time submission of reports and returns to BCAS.<br/><br/>Coordinate for timely IB clearance for foreign nationals for business visits and operation requirement<br/><br/>To ensure allocation of helpdesk/counter for delegates arranging meetings/seminar/conference and achieve the targeted revenue.<br/><br/>To take up project for revamp of all CCTVs project of RGI Airport for effective security monitoring<br/><br/>To take up the project of Locker Facility to the staff of GHA at landside and implement &amp; monitor effectively<br/><br/>Contributing to ASQ and passenger facilitation<br/><br/>Engage with the team members to motivate and foster teamwork, understand and address concern and provide a collaborative environment for them to develop.<br/><br/>To carry out functions as mentioned in the National Civil Aviation Security Programme and the Airport Security Programme.<br/><br/>Ensure that all aviation security mandatory documents are prepared and got approved by the competent authority and updated regularly.<br/><br/><strong>EXTERNAL INTERACTIONS<br/><br/></strong>Members of ACOHHS<br/><br/>Members of BTAC<br/><br/>Concessionaires, Airlines, Cargo, Catering<br/><br/>CISF<br/><br/>BCAS<br/><br/><strong>INTERNAL INTERACTIONS<br/><br/></strong>Terminal Operations<br/><br/>AOCC, Airside, Landside<br/><br/>Commercial<br/><br/>HR<br/><br/>BHS<br/><br/><strong>FINANCIAL DIMENSIONS<br/><br/></strong><strong>Other Dimensions<br/><br/></strong><strong>EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS<br/><br/></strong> The incumbent should be a graduate in any discipline. Should have successfully qualified in the Basic Avsec.<br/><br/> Desirable - instructor / Audit course<br/><br/> Good knowledge of AVSEC Circular/orders/Annex-17<br/><br/><strong>Relevant Experience<br/><br/></strong> Minimum 15 years’ experience in Security with at least 5 years in Managerial position<br/><br/><strong>COMPETENCIES<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Networking</li><li>Personal Effectiveness</li><li>Teamwork &amp; Interpersonal influence</li><li>Stakeholder Focus</li><li>Entrepreneurship</li><li>Capability Building</li><li>Social Awareness</li><li>Planning &amp; Decision Making</li><li>Execution &amp; Results</li><li>Strategic Orientation</li><li>Problem Solving &amp; Analytical Thinking</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>