---
title: Intelligence Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/intelligence-analyst-at-zerofox-4042568257?position=1&pageNum=5&refId=GfT1YmPtI1K3NxEYA9nFLg%3D%3D&trackingId=qEvS2dmCISISMMcqH6dspQ%3D%3D
company: ZeroFox
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Opportunity Overview<br/><br/></strong>As an Associate Intelligence Analyst at ZeroFox, you will join ZeroFox’s Collections and Processing (ZCAP) team: a group of highly skilled analysts, collectors, and specialists who dedicate themselves to protecting customers and their assets from digital and physical security threats. With our proprietary hybrid intelligence platforms and methodologies, you will utilize your collection, analysis, and scripting skills to identify threats and generate intelligence to assess risk to our customer base. Threat intelligence activities include tracking current and emerging threats covering cyber crime and various forms of malicious exploitation. If things like the dark web, analysis, and cyber sleuthing are exciting to you, we want to talk to you! Discretion, teamwork, and creativity are a must.<br/><br/>Roles and Responsibilities<br/><br/><ul><li> Understand python code and libraries</li><li> Work independently and collaboratively with a blended team of domestic and onshore teams</li><li> Support ad hoc, client-specific requests based on the tasks mentioned above</li><li> Review deliverables and establishes weekly, monthly and quarterly metrics</li><li> Follow best practices of operational security to safeguard sources and methods</li><li> Support team productivity and outputs during your assigned shift<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Required Qualifications And Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> You value discretion and confidentiality</li><li> Bachelor's/Master's degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or equivalent experience) with experience as a Python programmer, typically obtained in 1-2 years</li><li> Working knowledge of SQL</li><li> Strong leadership skills with a desire to mentor and train junior members</li><li> Demonstrated research and writing skills with outstanding attention to detail</li><li> Familiarity with open-source research </li><li> Familiarity with scraping data from web</li><li> Working knowledge of Python</li><li> Ability to produce superior work while meeting aggressive deadlines</li><li> Comfort working independently and in teams</li><li> Written and spoken fluency in the English language</li><li> Ability to quickly adapt and innovate</li><li> Self-starting attitude<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Desired Qualifications And Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Cloud experience preferred<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Benefits<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Competitive compensation</li><li> Community-driven culture with employee events</li><li> Generous time off </li><li> Best-in-class benefits</li><li> Fun, modern workspace</li><li> Respectful and nourishing work environment, where every opinion is heard and everyone is encouraged to be an active part of the organisational culture<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Zerofox<br/><br/></strong>ZeroFox’s mission is clear: we protect customers - their data, their assets and their people - across the internet. Through AI-powered technology, global intelligence collection and services provided by a team of expert analysts and threat hunters, we give customers the protection and intelligence needed to disrupt a new era of attacks on the surface, deep and dark web. Now is a great time to join the Fox Den: we recently announced our intent to become a publicly traded company via a merger with L&amp;F Acquisition Corp. and were named a Top Workplace by the Baltimore Sun. With $150M+ in funding to date, recognition from Forrester as best-in-class in brand intelligence and numerous awards and honors, joining the ZeroFox team means joining a culture that is committed to excellence and growth. That means committing to the success of each of our employees so you can be the best version of yourself on the best team. If you’re ready to join a team that is mission-oriented, customer-focused, collaborative and dedicated, you’ve come to the right place.<br/><br/>Equal Opportunity, Diversity &amp; Inclusion<br/><br/>We aim to build a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We embrace inclusion and ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other personal characteristic.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>