---
title: Executive-Security
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/executive-security-at-indigo-interglobe-aviation-ltd-4042307381?position=60&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=cKhEpkC9VfnV0ctE1tsusQ%3D%3D
company: IndiGo (InterGlobe Aviation Ltd)
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-03
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          IndiGo is India’s largest and most preferred passenger airline and amongst the fastest growing airlines in the world.<br/><br/>We have a simple philosophy: offer fares that are affordable, flights that are on time, and provide a courteous and hassle-free travel experience across our unparalleled network. We show that low cost does not mean low quality. With our fleet of over 320 aircraft, we operate well over 2000+ daily flights, connecting over 118 destinations (of which 32 international), welcoming 100 million customers on board last year. We have an industry leading on-time performance and one of the highest customer NPS in the Indian market. At IndiGo, we will continue to extend our scope, by spreading our wings internationally, developing from a domestic carrier to a global aviation giant.<br/><br/><strong>Executive-Security<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Maintain standards as per Company requirements</li><li> Ensure effective threat assessment and response capability</li><li> Achieve department goals and follow up</li><li> Perform duties as per the Security Program.</li><li> Maintain performance standards and follow up with your shift</li><li> Monitor continuously the Quality System and the level of conformance</li><li> Secure quality levels</li><li> Optimize resource</li><li> Aware of Emergency Response Procedures, rules and regulations</li><li> Acquire and maintain necessary skills required to perform job functions</li><li> Maintain work procedures as per company requirements</li><li> Carry out development dialogue with the Team leaders</li><li> Control theft and pilferage of company property<br/><br/></li></ul><strong> At IndiGo, we believe in the innate strength of an energetic, diverse, and inclusive workforce, where the viewpoints and life experiences of our employees help us foster strong connection with all our customers. <br/><br/></strong><strong> Our diversity equity and inclusion efforts are designed to attract, nurture, and advance the lives of our employees and customers irrespective of their, but not limited to, gender, race, color, religion, caste, creed, ethnicity, origin, language, social and economic status, sexual orientation, persons with disabilities, nationality, age, marital and maternity status</strong>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>