---
title: IT Security Engineering
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/it-security-engineering-at-yo-hr-consultancy-4042552771?position=27&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=PyYkXfHjRLIXUy9Ymcq2NQ%3D%3D
company: YO HR Consultancy
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-06
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>L3 IT Security Engineer<br/><br/></strong><strong>Experience: 7 to 15 Years<br/><br/></strong><strong>LOCATION-</strong><strong>Bangalore<br/><br/></strong><strong>Scope<br/><br/></strong>As an L3 Security Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining advanced security solutions to protect our organization from cyber threats. You will work closely with the security leadership to assess vulnerabilities, analyze security risks, and develop strategies to mitigate potential threats. Additionally, you will be responsible for mentoring and providing technical guidance to junior members of the security team.<br/><br/><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Security, or related field (or equivalent experience).</li><li>10+ years of experience in information security, with a focus on designing and implementing security solutions.</li><li>In-depth knowledge of network security, endpoint security, firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPNs, and security protocols.</li><li>Experience with security assessment tools and techniques.</li><li>Experience with Microsoft Defender products</li><li>Strong understanding of industry regulations and compliance standards.</li><li>Certifications: CISSP, CISM, CEH, etc., as applicable<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred Experience And Skills-<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Experience with cloud security (AWS, Azure, GCP).</li><li>Knowledge of DevSecOps and secure coding practices.</li><li>Knowledge of IT security concepts, ISO 27001, ITIL, risk management</li><li>Microsoft Defender products</li><li>Sensitive and attentive to operation details, numbers</li><li>Familiarity with threat hunting and security analytics.</li><li>Hands on experience with Microsoft Azure, Intune, Conditional Access, MDM, MAM</li><li>Hands on experience with scripting languages like PowerShell, VBScript, etc.</li><li>Professional qualifications in information security such as CISSP, CCSP, CISA, CISM, CEH, ISO 27001 is a plus.</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Organized, Systematic, and Consistent in daily work.<br/><br/></li></ul>Mandatory Skills<br/><br/><ul><li> Microsoft Azure, Intune, Conditional Access; Scripting languages like PowerShell, VBS (any one); Experience in Information Security, with a focus on designing and implementing security solutions.; In-depth knowledge of Network Security, Endpoint Security, Firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPNs, and Security Protocols; Security assessment tools and techniques along with industry regulations and compliance standards; Experience in Microsoft Defender products.<br/><br/></li></ul>Preferred Skills- Professional qualifications in information security such as CISSP, CCSP, CISA, CISM, CEH, ISO 27001; IT Security Concepts, ISO 27001, ITIL, Risk Management; DevSecOps and Secure Coding Practices<br/><br/><strong>Key Responsibilities-<br/><br/></strong><strong>Security Architecture and Design:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Design, implement, and maintain advanced security solutions, including firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, VPNs, and endpoint security technologies.</li><li>Conduct security assessments and develop recommendations for improving the organization's security posture.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Incident Response And Management<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Lead the incident response process, including detection, analysis, containment, eradication, recovery, and lessons learned.</li><li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to investigate and respond to security incidents.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Threat Intelligence And Research<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Stay up-to-date with the latest cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities, and attack techniques.</li><li>Conduct threat intelligence research to identify emerging risks and trends.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Policy And Compliance<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Ensure that security policies, standards, and procedures align with industry best practices and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Conduct security assessments and audits to ensure compliance with relevant standards (e.g.,ISO 27001, NIST, GDPR).<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Security Awareness And Training<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Provide security awareness training to employees and educate them about best practices for information security.</li><li>Develop and conduct security training programs for internal teams.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Mentoring And Leadership<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior members of the security team.</li><li>Act as a subject matter expert and provide escalation support for complex security incidents.<br/><br/></li></ul>Skills: firewalls,network security,shell scripting,security,it security,cism,risk management,vpns,it security concepts,iso 27001,cloud security,firewall,industry regulations and compliance standards,secure coding practices,ids,security assessment tools,security protocols,vbs,azure,ids/ips,ceh,endpoint security,cyber security,cissp,information security,security assessment tools and techniques,cloud security (aws, azure, gcp),devsecops,conditional access,itil,microsoft azure,intune,microsoft defender products,powershell
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>