---
title: Incident Manager
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/incident-manager-at-coforge-4044019208?position=50&pageNum=0&refId=xpn3Z%2BFTfvdh%2Bzun3F9NWw%3D%3D&trackingId=%2F1x3eK0qsT3FfVTA62gSZg%3D%3D
company: Coforge
location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
posted_date: 2024-10-09
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Title: </strong>Security Incident Manager</p><p><strong>Skills</strong>: Cybersecurity, Incident Management, Forensic</p><p><strong>Location: </strong>Greater Noida,</p><p><strong>Experience: </strong>8-12 Years</p><p><strong>Duration: </strong>Fulltime</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Note: Immediate joiners preferable.</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Required Skills:</strong></p><p><br/></p><ul><li>8 to 10+ years of hands-on experience in incident response</li><li>Demonstrated prior experience and success in leading a global scale incident response engagement.</li><li>Experience in managing, leading and motivating stakeholders at all levels.</li><li>Experience as a senior-level team leader including overseeing other principal, senior, and mid-level analyst/consultant teams.</li><li>Able to split your time across client delivery, team leadership, individual mentoring, and technical expertise and skills maintenance activities.</li><li>Strong presentation, communication, and presentation skills with verifiable industry experience communicating with the CISOs, steering Committee.</li><li>Expert level of knowledge of applicable laws, compliance regulations, and industry standards as it relates to privacy, security, and compliance.</li><li>Hands-on experience using forensics tools such as EnCase, FTK, SleuthKit, Volatility, etc. and analysis experience, an operational understanding of major operating systems (Microsoft Windows, Linux, or Mac), network forensics and cloud incident response.</li><li>Proficiency in analyzing and interpreting threat intelligence feeds, including indicators of compromise (IOCs) and tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) used by threat actors.</li><li>Client services mindset and top-notch client management skills.</li><li>Experienced-based understanding of clients? needs and desired outcomes in digital forensics and incident response investigations.</li><li>Public speaking experience, demonstrated writing ability, including technical reports, business communication, and thought leadership pieces.</li><li>Operates with a hands-on approach to service delivery with a bias towards collaboration and teamwork.</li><li>Understanding of cyber risk frameworks or industry standards such NIST CSF and 800-53, ISO 27001/2, PCI, CIS Benchmark.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Certification</strong>:</p><ul><li>GIAC Certified Forensic Analyst (GCFA),</li><li>GIAC Incident Handler (GCIH), CISSP, CISM, CHFI.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong>: BE / B Tech / MCA or equivalent</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>