---
title: Vice President - Information Security Engineering
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vice-president-information-security-engineering-at-nomura-4044533759?position=29&pageNum=0&refId=CQHtusRZgzA9pIs%2Bro5K4Q%3D%3D&trackingId=6xdPwd0hAKBGt2HYlU9ZXw%3D%3D
company: Nomura
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong><u>Company overview</u></strong></p><p>Nomura is a global financial services group with an integrated global network spanning over 30 countries. Japan IT (Information Technology) is a diverse environment with employees of over 25 nationalities, who work on technical support, application development and implementation of system changes for Japan Retail Wealth Management Business and Global Wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking). Nomura provides competitive employee benefits, training and upskilling opportunities, and is committed to promoting diversity, equity and inclusion, employee health and well-being. Founded in 1925, the firm is built on a tradition of disciplined entrepreneurship, serving clients with creative solutions and considered thought leadership. For further information about Nomura, visit www.nomura.com</p><p>entrepreneurship, serving clients with creative solutions and considered thought leadership. For further information about Nomura, visit www.nomura.com </p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Overview</u></strong></p><p>Nomura has a robust global Information Security department, members of which are located in all of its major regions, namely Japan, Americas, India, Asia Excluding Japan (AeJ) and EMEA. This role will report directly to the Global Head of the Information Security Architecture and Engineering (SAE) located in London and will be a member of the Information Security Architecture and Engineering (SAE) Leadership team.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Key objectives critical to success</u></strong></p><p>We are looking for a talented and experienced professional to join our team as the regional Head of Information Security Engineering in India. In this role, you will lead the engineering, development, and implementation of a robust and scalable information security solutions to protect Nomura’s critical assets and infrastructure on a global scale. This role is hands-on as the security architecture and engineering strategy and roadmap are being developed. You will lead team of security engineers in India. It requires the development and implementation of people processes, policies, standards, and solutions in collaboration with the Global Heads of Information Security and key stakeholders (e.g., IT, business, legal, HR, compliance). You will play a key role in shaping our information security strategy and ensuring the resilience and effectiveness of our security solutions.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Key Responsibilities</u></strong></p><ol><li>Develop and execute the cyber security engineering strategy that aligns with the business objectives and the Security Risks and Controls Framework.</li><li>Build, mentor, and manage a team of cyber security engineers.</li><li>Foster a culture of continuous improvement, innovation, and collaboration within the team </li><li>Develop and maintain the security solutions and products for the information security team and ensure it is fully aligned with the enterprise reference architecture developed by Security Architecture.</li><li>Define and implement security standards, best practices, and guidelines for technology infrastructure, applications, and systems. </li><li>Lead the engineering and implementation of secure network solutions, cloud security solutions, and endpoint protection mechanisms, including security tooling (change management, patching, upgrades etc.).</li><li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to evaluate and select security technologies and tools that meet Nomura’s requirements, including AI/ML, SaaS, security automation, and R&amp;D.</li><li>Provide technical guidance and expertise on security infrastructure design, configuration, and deployment. Provide clarity to IT (including projects) to ensure the most optimal risk reduction solutions are implemented.</li><li>Establish a security lab (and sandbox) to evaluate security solutions for Nomura as well as assessing and testing emerging technologies for the business. </li><li>Stay current on emerging technologies, trends, and threats in the field of information security architecture and engineering.</li><li>Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to ensure alignment with industry standards, regulatory requirements, and compliance frameworks.</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Skills, experience, qualifications and knowledge required</u></strong></p><ul><li>Experience in managing technical security engineering functions</li><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field; Master's degree preferred.</li><li>Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) certification is required.</li><li>Minimum of 10 years of experience in information security, with a focus on security engineering.</li><li>Strong knowledge of security technologies, protocols, and frameworks, such as ISO 27001, NIST, and OWASP.</li><li>Experience with engineering and implementing security controls for cloud environments, network infrastructure, data security, and software applications.</li><li>Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and project management skills.</li><li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate with diverse teams and stakeholders.</li><li>Ability to lead and mentor a team of security engineers in a global environment.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong><u>Diversity &amp; Inclusion </u></strong> </p><p>Nomura is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and are committed to ensuring we best reflect the diversity of the communities we serve creating an inclusive environment for all our employees. We welcome all applications and do not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, gender identity and gender expression, pregnancy and maternity, marriage and civil partnership, race, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation. </p><p> </p><p>If you require any assistance or reasonable adjustments due to a disability or long-term health condition, please do not hesitate to contact us.</p>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>