---
title: Security Operations Specialist
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-operations-specialist-at-youtrip-4044782817?position=7&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=z%2FnoIqaPATvkWh5GQxJzsA%3D%3D
company: YouTrip
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-10-07
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>We Are</strong></p><p>YouTrip is at the forefront of Asia's financial revolution, defining the future of digital finance with its leading multi-currency payment platform. Launched in 2018, YouTrip has swiftly ascended as a powerhouse, orchestrating billions in transactions annually and securing the trust of millions. With innovative solutions like YouTrip for consumers and YouBiz for businesses, we offer unmatched financial ease and cost-effectiveness. Fresh off a successful US$50 million Series B funding round led by Lightspeed Venture, we're setting new benchmarks in the digital financial services sector.</p><p><br/></p><p>At the heart of our mission is a commitment to eliminate financial borders across Asia, propelling us into the next wave of digital finance.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Description: Security Operations Specialist</strong></p><p>We’re looking for a Security Operations Specialist to join our team. The candidate is part of the First Line of Defense (FLOD) and shall be responsible for supporting the group’s Security Operations Centre. The candidate shall be responsible for identifying, assessing, and mitigating security risks associated with our fintech operations, and support ongoing security monitoring efforts. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to implement and enhance security measures, ensuring compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements. The ideal candidate has a strong background in cybersecurity operations and a deep understanding of the unique challenges in the FinTech or financial industry space.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Capture and analyze security event logs from various sources, including servers, network devices, applications, and cloud platforms, to extract actionable security insights and identify security gaps.</li><li>Develop, build, and refine detection rules and correlation logic to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of security monitoring, leveraging industry frameworks like MITRE ATT&amp;CK and the Cyber Kill Chain.</li><li>Design and implement tools to orchestrate and automate security monitoring, leveraging SOAR platforms and scripting (e.g., Python, PowerShell) to streamline repetitive tasks.</li><li>Build and maintain security incident response playbooks and create meaningful reporting metrics to track the effectiveness and efficiency of SOC activities.</li><li>Assist with the Data Loss Prevention efforts.</li><li>Assist with investigations of security events and incidents, collaborating with incident response teams to mitigate risks and prevent future incidents.</li><li>Investigate and respond to security incidents using findings from log analysis, promptly addressing threats and vulnerabilities in collaboration with the response team.</li><li>Contribute to incident response sessions, participating in root cause analysis, lessons learned, and helping to implement improvements to enhance incident detection and prevention strategies.</li><li>Coordinate with external DFIR vendors to conduct in-depth forensic analysis and manage complex security incidents, ensuring effective collaboration and resolution.</li><li>Collaborate with AWS &amp; GCP administrators and engineers to address identified vulnerabilities and ensure security in a dynamic, cloud-based environment.</li><li>Develop cutting-edge detection content using advanced security frameworks and techniques, ensuring alignment with the latest industry innovations and trends.</li><li>Ensure adherence to industry best practices, local and global regulatory requirements, and the company’s strategic objectives in cybersecurity.</li><li>Work closely with key stakeholders to identify, respond to, and remediate information security issues across the organization.</li><li>Support internal and external audits.</li><li>Contribute ideas and solutions to a fast-paced, evolving team focused on operational excellence and the continuous improvement of SOC processes.</li><li>Contribute to the ongoing maturity of the Security Operations team, helping to shape SOC strategies and enhance the overall effectiveness of security operations.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science or Information Technology</li><li>Experience with SIEM tools (e.g., Splunk, QRadar, LogRhythm, or similar).</li><li>Hands-on experience with log management and analysis tools (e.g., OpenSearch, LogRhythm, Graylog).</li><li>Strong understanding of cloud security best practices and AWS security services (e.g., AWS Security Hub, AWS Config, AWS CloudTrail, AWS GuardDuty).</li><li>Proficiency in scripting languages (e.g., Python, PowerShell) and automation tools (e.g., SOAR).</li><li>Strong understanding of security frameworks, including MITRE ATT&amp;CK, Cyber Kill Chain, and NIST.</li><li>Experience with cloud security and familiarity with AWS &amp; GCP environments.</li><li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work cross-functionally.</li><li>Industry certifications (e.g., CISSP, CEH, GCIH) are a plus.</li><li>6-10 years of experience with SIEM or in-depth operational experiences in a SOC function with strong familiarity of metrics, tools, and processes</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>