---
title: Security Analyst, Enterprise Security Operations
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-analyst-enterprise-security-operations-at-google-4046548244?position=11&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=gHjnrjW5TGwvWHf3KeGPsg%3D%3D
company: Google
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Minimum qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.</li><li>1 year of experience analyzing cyber threats.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred qualifications:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.</li><li>2 years of experience in information security.</li><li>Experience with programming or data analytics (e.g., SQL, MySQL, Python), malware analysis, or application analysis.</li><li>Understanding of technical and cyber security concepts.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Job<br/><br/></strong>There's no such thing as a "safe system" - only safer systems. Our Security team works to create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. As a Security Engineer, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work directly with network equipment and actively monitor our systems for attacks and intrusions. You also work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities.<br/><br/>You use your industry experience to own and drive the resolution of complex security incidents, policy questions and technical security issues.<br/><br/>The Enterprise Security Operations (ESO) team manages infrastructure security operations at scale globally across Google using process improvements and automation. ESO's work involves all aspects of information security and provides members with opportunities for growth and deeper investment in a variety of security domains.<br/><br/>In this role, you will create and maintain the safest operating environment for Google's users and developers. You will work with network equipment and actively monitor our systems for attacks and intrusions.<br/><br/>The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Operate security workflows of medium-to-high complexity and serve as first line triage of security and privacy escalations.</li><li>Approve, deny, or escalate issues according to guidelines.</li><li>Ensure compliance with legal mandates and internal security and privacy policies.</li><li>Recommend and drive process automations.</li><li>Automate workflows and develop appropriate tooling.<br/><br/><br/></li></ul>Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>