---
title: Security Engineer, Security Operations
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/security-engineer-security-operations-at-flywire-4046023388?position=30&pageNum=0&refId=dElrHFGNNPEPJRPLEL7ZfA%3D%3D&trackingId=LKpCZ9WnmQ0IbHz%2BVmpczw%3D%3D
company: Flywire
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-08
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Company Description<br/><br/></strong><strong>Are you ready to trade your job for a journey? Become a FlyMate!<br/><br/></strong>Passion, excitement &amp; global collaboration are all core to what it means to be a FlyMate. At Flywire, we’re on a mission to deliver the world’s most important and complex payments. We use our Flywire Advantage - the combination of our next-gen payments platform, proprietary payment network and vertical specific software, to help our clients get paid, and help their customers pay with ease - no matter where they are in the world.<br/><br/>What more do we need to truly be unstoppable? Perhaps, that is you!<br/><br/><strong>Who We Are<br/><br/></strong>Flywire is a global payments enablement and software company, delivering high-stakes, high-value payments across the global education, healthcare, travel and B2B industries.<br/><br/>Today, we’ve digitized payments for more than 4,000+ global clients in more than 140 currencies across 240 countries and territories around the world. And, we’re just getting started!<br/><br/>With over 1,200+ global FlyMates, representing more than 40 nationalities, and in 12 offices world-wide, we’re looking for FlyMates to join the next stage of our journey as we continue to grow.<br/><br/><strong>Job Description<br/><br/></strong>The Opportunity<br/><br/>We, at Flywire, are looking for a BlueTeam Guy with a passion for tackling big problems. We need a BlueTeam Guy who can help protect Flywire's infrastructure and platform... of course the Flymates also.<br/><br/>The ideal candidate for this role will have experience in security anomaly detection tools and analytical capabilities to be able to implement security alerts and develop new use cases in order to increase preventative security. You also need to be comfortable collaborating closely with the RedTeam and Threat Intelligence teams in order to feed the systems with more relevant information.<br/><br/>Are you the type of person who finds ways to detect threats? Are you passionate about the new concept of cloud security? Are you curious about technology and the hunt for attacker activity? Are you looking for opportunities to learn and educate your talented peers and are you really excited to get constructively involved? If so, we have the perfect position for you.... You'll need a desire to tinker until it's reliable, robust and secure.<br/><br/>We would like to hire for our Security team a Blue teamer, a successful candidate for this position has technical knowledge and experience performing use cases in dynamic environments.<br/><br/>Candidates will need to be a strong leader with the ability to perform multiple types of analysis including providing mitigation recommendations for impacted parties.<br/><br/><ul><li>Implement and deploy new security tools in the environment</li><li>Manage and improve detection tools (SIEM, SOAR, EDR, AV, DLP…)</li><li>Purple team exercises, work with the red team to improve the detection and alerts.</li><li>Provide recommendations and solutions to solve the security problems that we found, working closely with the developers team, SRE team and IT team.</li><li>Support implementing new security projects.</li><li>Knowledgeable of current tactics, techniques and procedures (TTP) used by threat actors and practical application of the MITRE ATT&amp;CK framework or similar.</li><li>Work closely with other team members to review existing policy and procedures, as well as developing new artifacts when appropriate.</li><li>Develops and executes network monitoring and security operations</li><li>Participate in on-call functions to support security operations with after-hours coverage.</li><li>Development of security detection and alerting mechanisms.</li><li>Performs necessary investigative and response functions to support security operations</li><li>Automate process and procedures</li><li>Knowledge of development languages (ruby, bash, python…)<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Qualifications<br/><br/></strong><strong>Here’s What We’re Looking For <br/><br/></strong><strong>Technical Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>A Bachelor of Science and at least 5+ years’ experience in IT security.</li><li>At least 5+ years of experience as a BlueTeamer.</li><li>Working knowledge of SIEM Platforms. Experience in use case development, log interpretation and security alert generation.</li><li>Experience creating use cases for SOAR platforms</li><li>Predisposition and knowledge automation of detection, remediation and collection processes.</li><li>Working knowledge managing EDR/AV in organizations.</li><li>Demonstrable knowledge of GDPR, PCI DSS, SOCII</li><li>Experience with BYOD and DLP system management</li><li>Strong understanding of enterprise detection and response, intrusion detection and proactive security.</li><li>Knowledge of infrastructure as code and containers.</li><li>Knowledge of scripting languages (Python, Bash, Go, Ruby…) and CI/CD services.</li><li>Knowledge about OWASP top 10, malware, electronic fraud, computer intrusion, identity theft, denial of services, and other potential security threats.</li><li>An understanding of network and platform security strategies, and implementation practices. Knowledge of WAF.</li><li>A strong understanding of basic cloud infrastructure and services.</li><li>Knowledge of multiple operating systems (Windows,macOS and Linux)</li><li>Analytical and troubleshooting capabilities</li><li>Project design and management<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Soft Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Availability to travel sometimes</li><li>Work independently</li><li>Good communication skills, analytical, and problem-solving skills</li><li>The ability to prioritize tasks optimally</li><li>A proven capability in written and spoken English is important; other language skills are a plus</li><li>Ability to communicate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical co-workers in a clear and concise manner.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Additional Information<br/><br/></strong><strong>What We Offer:<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Competitive compensation, including Restricted Stock Units </li><li>Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)</li><li>Flying Start - Our immersive Global Induction Program (Meet our Execs &amp; Global Teams)</li><li>Work with brilliant people that will keep you on your toes, learn more about their journeys by checking out #InsideFlywire on social media</li><li>Dynamic &amp; Global Team (we have been collaborating virtually for years!)</li><li>Wellbeing Programs (Mental Health, Wellness, Yoga/Pilates/HIIT Classes) with Global FlyMates </li><li>Be a meaningful part in our success - every FlyMate makes an impact</li><li>Competitive time off including FlyBetter Days to volunteer in a cause you believe in and Digital Disconnect Days!</li><li>Great Talent &amp; Development Programs (Managers Taking Flight – for new or aspiring managers!)<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Submit today and get started!<br/><br/></strong>We are excited to get to know you! Throughout our process you can expect to meet with different FlyMates including the Hiring Manager, Peers on the team, the VP of the department, and a skills assessment. Your Talent Acquisition Partner will walk you through the steps and be your “go-to” person for any questions.<br/><br/>Flywire is an equal opportunity employer. With over 40 nationalities across 14 different offices diversity, gender equality, and inclusion are at the core of our people agenda. We believe our FlyMates are our greatest asset, and we’re excited to watch our unique culture evolve with each new hire.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>