---
title: Threat Intelligence Analyst
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/threat-intelligence-analyst-at-docusign-4046517680?position=28&pageNum=0&refId=i555y5Ux7L%2FLma0k%2BTERKw%3D%3D&trackingId=MYgAQWwr7muO9s0ethdXZA%3D%3D
company: Docusign
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-11
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Company Overview<br/><br/></strong>Docusign brings agreements to life. Over 1.5 million customers and more than a billion people in over 180 countries use Docusign solutions to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people’s lives. With intelligent agreement management, Docusign unleashes business-critical data that is trapped inside of documents. Until now, these were disconnected from business systems of record, costing businesses time, money, and opportunity. Using Docusign’s Intelligent Agreement Management platform, companies can create, commit, and manage agreements with solutions created by the #1 company in e-signature and contract lifecycle management (CLM).<br/><br/>What you'll do<br/><br/>Docusign is seeking a skilled and analytical Threat Intelligence Analyst to join our Cyber Threat Hunting team. In this role, you will be responsible for gathering, analyzing, and disseminating actionable intelligence on cyber threats. You will work closely with other cybersecurity teams to understand and predict potential attacks, mitigate risks, and improve our overall security posture. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of threat actors, attack methodologies, and the global threat landscape.<br/><br/>This position is an individual contributor role reporting to the Senior Manager of Cyber Threat Hunting team.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibility<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Collect, analyze, and assess cyber threat intelligence from various sources, including but not limited to deep web and dark web forums, threat feeds, and social media feeds</li><li>Monitor and identify emerging threats, attack vectors, and malicious campaigns that could impact the organization’s business</li><li>Provide timely and actionable threat intelligence reports to improve decision-making and improve incident response efforts</li><li>Collaborate with internal teams (e.g., SOC, Incident Response, Red Team, Detection engineering) to enhance detection and mitigation strategies based on threat intelligence insights</li><li>Develop threat profiles, indicators of compromise (IOCs), tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) for threat actors targeting the organization</li><li>Create threat landscape reports and briefings for senior leadership, highlighting trends, risks, and mitigation strategies</li><li>Assist in threat hunting activities by providing contextual information on threat actors and their methodologies</li><li>Make continuous improvements to intelligence collection methods and processes by staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends, tools, and technologies<br/><br/></li></ul>Job Designation<br/><br/><strong>Hybrid:</strong> Employee divides their time between in-office and remote work. Access to an office location is required. (Frequency: Minimum 2 days per week; may vary by team but will be weekly in-office expectation)<br/><br/>Positions at Docusign are assigned a job designation of either In Office, Hybrid or Remote and are specific to the role/job. Preferred job designations are not guaranteed when changing positions within Docusign. Docusign reserves the right to change a position's job designation depending on business needs and as permitted by local law.<br/><br/>What you bring<br/><br/><strong>Basic<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's/Master’s degree in Cybersecurity, Information Security, Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent work experience</li><li>3+ years of experience in threat intelligence, cybersecurity analysis, or a related role</li><li>Experience with scripting or programming languages (e.g., Python, PowerShell) to automate intelligence collection and analysis</li><li>Experience with threat intelligence platforms, threat hunting tools, and security information and event management (SIEM) systems<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Preferred<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Strong analytical skills with the ability to synthesize large amounts of data into actionable intelligence</li><li>Solid understanding of the cyber threat landscape, including threat actors, TTPs, and attack vectors</li><li>Familiarity with malware analysis, reverse engineering, and network forensics is a plus</li><li>Relevant certifications such as GCTI, CTIA, CEH, or equivalent are preferred</li><li>Ability to work both independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment</li><li>Consistent track record of presenting at well-known cybersecurity conferences (e.g., DEF CON, Black Hat, RSA Conference) is strongly preferred</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, ability to convey complex information clearly and concisely<br/><br/></li></ul>Life at Docusign<br/><br/><strong>Working here<br/><br/></strong>Docusign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what’s right, every day. At Docusign, everything is equal.<br/><br/>We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you’ll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.<br/><br/><strong>Accommodation<br/><br/></strong>Docusign is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. If you need such an accommodation, or a religious accommodation, during the application process, please contact us at accommodations@docusign.com.<br/><br/>If you experience any issues, concerns, or technical difficulties during the application process please get in touch with our Talent organization at taops@docusign.com for assistance.<br/><br/>Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice<br/><br/>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>