---
title: Cyber Security Analyst II [T500-14645]
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-security-analyst-ii-t500-14645-at-fedex-acc-4047546860?position=7&pageNum=5&refId=GfT1YmPtI1K3NxEYA9nFLg%3D%3D&trackingId=uLko4Ex8WULqOKuVRk%2BbAA%3D%3D
company: FedEx ACC
location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-10
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Title: Cyber Security Analyst – Cyber Risk Metrics</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Work Location: </strong></p><p>IN / Hyderabad</p><p><br/></p><p>FedEx Information Security (InfoSec) ensures the security of the enterprise systems and data, through business agility, system reliability, and information security controls to enable the business to deliver the Purple Promise. The Global InfoSec team strives to protect the enterprise from cyber threats, secure business operations, and ensure global regulatory compliance. </p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Job Descriptions:</strong></p><p>We are seeking an ideal candidate who thrives on solving complex problems and gets bored by regular daily operational tasks. Have a great analytical skill and loves to work with data complexities. Having a collaborative mindset and working well with others.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the development data &amp; analytics platform for Cyber Security team in FedEx.</li><li>Develop and support data pipelines, data lake, and data warehouse solution along with finding ways to unlock value from data to support FedEx Cyber Security business decisions.</li><li>Provide data and analytics/business intelligence product and services to the leadership team to make informed business decisions.</li><li>Maintain and monitor data pipeline services and BI platforms.</li><li>Define and leverage engineering methods and best practices to deliver well-defined, tested, documented, and code-reviewed shared data sets.</li><li>Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements (i.e., automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.).</li><li>Cross-functionally support for analytical requests for both internal and external stakeholders.</li><li>Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture.</li><li>Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.</li><li>Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using ingestion technics and Azure technologies.</li><li>Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, validation, and implementation.</li><li>Solve complex cyber security problems with available data to deliver insights that helps our business to achieve their goals.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Competencies:</strong></p><p><strong>Technical Competencies:</strong></p><p><strong>Mandatory:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Bigdata In General:</strong> Data Engineering Concepts &amp; Design Patterns, Knowledge of Big Data platforms like Hadoop, Spark, Cassandra, MongoDB</li><li><strong>Azure Cloud Platform:</strong> Data Lake, Delta Lake, ADLS, ADF, Event Hub, Databricks, Azure Synapse, Networking Components(like vNets, subnet, DNS Zone, Private end point etc)</li><li><strong>Visualisation &amp; Dashboard: </strong>Good hands on experience in Power BI</li><li><strong>Analytics: </strong>Some hands on experience in ML libraries like scikit learn &amp; hugging face with implementation of predictive &amp; prescriptive models.</li><li><strong>Streaming &amp; Messaging Platform: </strong>Kafka, Event Hub</li><li><strong>Programming Languages:</strong> Python, Spark</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Good To Have: </strong>AI / GenAI, Tableau, AWS / GCP, R, Java, Microservices, Kubernetes</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Professional Competencies: </strong></p><ul><li>Preferred bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related discipline</li><li>Proficiency in English comprehension</li><li>Preferably with minimum 3-5 years of work experience</li><li>Preferably have Analytical Skills; Planning &amp; Organizing Skills; Project Management Skills; Interpersonal Skills; Accuracy &amp; Attention to Detail</li><li>Preferably have practical experience in implementing LEAN, AGILE and Design Thinking</li><li>Strong troubleshooting skills a must</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Behavioral Competencies:</strong></p><p><strong>Effective Communication:</strong></p><ul><li>Communicate effectively with colleagues and management during presentations.</li><li>Provide consultation to business stakeholders on various cyber risks.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Collaboration:</strong></p><ul><li>Collaborate as a team player within the security department and across the organization.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Mindset and Adaptability:</strong></p><ul><li>Motivated individual with a proactive “make it happen” mindset, capable of performing within tight timelines.</li><li>Openness to learning and thriving in challenging environments.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>