---
title: Senior Analyst - Forensics - National - ASU - Forensics - Investigations & Compliance - Gurgaon
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-analyst-forensics-national-asu-forensics-investigations-compliance-gurgaon-at-ey-4049536869?position=6&pageNum=2&refId=WaRXv89Fg5lz9wSRLXkvvw%3D%3D&trackingId=u5HDRB96g4uI5LmdmA060Q%3D%3D
company: EY
location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-16
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Requisition Id : 1549957<br/><br/>As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom. At EY, we don't just focus on who you are now, but who you can become. We believe that it’s your career and ‘It’s yours to build’ which means potential here is limitless and we'll provide you with motivating and fulfilling experiences throughout your career to help you on the path to becoming your best professional self.<br/><br/>The opportunity : Senior Analyst-National-Forensics-ASU - Forensics - Investigations &amp; Compliance - Gurgaon<br/><br/>Your key responsibilities<br/><br/>Technical Excellence<br/><br/>Technically sound should have investigative mindset<br/><br/>Must have Microsoft Excel and Presentation skills<br/><br/>Good written and verbal communication skills (English Language)<br/><br/>Analytical bent of mind.<br/><br/>Focused<br/><br/>Target Oriented<br/><br/>Skills and attributes<br/><br/>To qualify for the role you must have<br/><br/>Qualification<br/><br/>Graduate / MBA Finance / CA Inter<br/><br/><strong>Experience<br/><br/></strong>0-2 Years of experience (Graduate, MBA, CA Inter)<br/><br/>What we look for<br/><br/>People with the ability to work in a collaborative manner to provide services across multiple client departments while following the commercial and legal requirements. You will need a practical approach to solving issues and complex problems with the ability to deliver insightful and practical solutions. We look for people who are agile, curious, mindful and able to sustain postivie energy, while being adaptable and creative in their approach.<br/><br/>What we offer<br/><br/>With more than 200,000 clients, 300,000 people globally and 33,000 people in India, EY has become the strongest brand and the most attractive employer in our field, with market-leading growth over compete. Our people work side-by-side with market-leading entrepreneurs, game- changers, disruptors and visionaries. As an organisation, we are investing more time, technology and money, than ever before in skills and learning for our people. At EY, you will have a personalized Career Journey and also the chance to tap into the resources of our career frameworks to better know about your roles, skills and opportunities.<br/><br/>EY is equally committed to being an inclusive employer and we strive to achieve the right balance for our people - enabling us to deliver excellent client service whilst allowing our people to build their career as well as focus on their wellbeing.<br/><br/>If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.<br/><br/>Join us in building a better working world. Apply now.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>