---
title: Deputy Manager/ Manager- Group Investigation
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/deputy-manager-manager-group-investigation-at-aviva-india-4049529890?position=2&pageNum=0&refId=R2LlmoX6s73oWz9K3Iu2QA%3D%3D&trackingId=J10PnSEDovKRoX2PiSIENA%3D%3D
company: Aviva India
location: Gurugram, Haryana, India
posted_date: 2024-10-16
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<p><strong>Job Title:</strong> Deputy Manager/ Manager – Group Investigation</p><ul><li><strong>Wikipedia link: -</strong> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aviva </li><li><strong>HR Spoc: -</strong> https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-raj-76247175/ </li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>About the Company:</strong> </p><p>Aviva plc is a British multinational insurance company headquartered in London, England. It has about 18 million customers across its core markets of the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Canada. Aviva India, a subsidiary of the global Aviva group, is a dynamic and growing player in the Indian insurance market. We offer diverse insurance and financial solutions, emphasize innovation, and prioritize sustainability.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>About the Role:</strong> </p><p>The successful candidate should have extensive experience in conducting, reviewing, providing expert advice, and managing investigations relating to fraud detection, potential data losses/breaches, employee conduct/behavior, ethical and policy violations. The candidate needs to have an eye for detail, exercise independence, and a meticulous approach to review and an ability to work in a deadline-based environment to adhere to strict TATs.</p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong> </p><ul><li>Conduct, review, and manage investigations relating to fraud detection, potential data losses/breaches, employee conduct/behavior, ethical, policy violations.</li><li>Effectively collaborate with investigation team members, business unit managers, control functions, and audit teams as relevant to successfully initiate and complete investigations and related projects in a timely manner while maintaining quality to meet customer and stakeholder expectations, maintain independence and conduct investigations in a manner that mitigates risk to the enterprise.</li><li>Prepare proper in-depth investigation reports summarizing the findings and recommendations for the management.</li><li>Prepare dashboard and periodic (quarterly) reports/decks for management and Board.</li><li>Develop and implement pertinent fraud detection projects, investigation protocols, procedures, metrics.</li><li>Act as gatekeepers for overall enterprise investigations where delegated or conducted by other control functions.</li><li>Where relevant, obtain and properly report disciplinary actions taken in response to investigative findings.</li><li>Assist to proactively advance the fraud intelligence program, strengthen the governance on internal investigations, maintain necessary systems and other MIS, initiate and promote efficiency in conducting investigations to complete it within strict timelines while maintaining integrity and mitigating risks.</li><li>Properly document and track all information provided to internal, external stakeholders, regulators.</li><li>Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives by developing and implementing relevant, cost-saving, control, and process improvements to meet the organization's financial goals.</li><li>Present investigation and fraud detection findings and recommendations and discuss implications with senior management.</li><li>Ensure that all necessary and key stakeholders are engaged or informed at the appropriate stage of investigative, fraud detection, fraud awareness, and/or allegation response activities.</li><li>Stay abreast and informed of emerging investigative and fraud detection data analytics methodologies and information technology.</li><li>Collaborate with Internal Audit, IT/Cyber-security, and other stakeholders to identify and implement new technology to improve capabilities of internal investigations and fraud detection programs.</li><li>Promote and support division initiatives and strategic projects through participation and encouragement, mentoring of other team members.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong> </p><p><strong>Graduate, Degree in law, CFE, and other relevant certifications preferred</strong></p><p><br/></p><p><strong>Required Skills:</strong> </p><ul><li>Adept at logical thinking and written skills.</li><li>Well-versed with the methodology of investigations.</li><li>Working knowledge of Criminal and Civil Laws.</li><li>Reasonable understanding of Cyber Crime.</li><li>Intelligence gathering, collation, and dissemination skills.</li><li>Analysis, compilation, and preparation of investigation/recommendation reports.</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>What working at Aviva offers </strong></p><p>We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. We also offer you:</p><ul><li>Support, coaching and feedback from some of the most engaging colleagues around</li><li>Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career</li><li>The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Why Aviva</strong></p><ul><li>Dynamic and collaborative team in a supportive and innovative work environment.</li><li>Opportunities for professional growth and development.</li><li>Competitive compensation and benefits package.</li><li>Be a part of shaping the future of insurance in India.</li></ul><p><br/></p><ul><li><strong>Wikipedia link: -</strong> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aviva </li><li><strong>Aviva Fortune 500 Company:-</strong> https://fortune.com/company/aviva/global500/ </li><li><strong>Website: -</strong> https://www.avivaindia.com/ </li><li><strong>HR Spoc LinkedIn: -</strong> https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-raj-76247175/ </li><li><strong>Head office: - </strong>Aviva India (HO) 401A, 4th Floor, Dlf Cyber Park, Phase II, Block A, Sector 20, Gurugram, Haryana 122002</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>