---
title: Contracts Support Associate
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/contracts-support-associate-at-swiss-re-4050251527?position=3&pageNum=7&refId=oyzCTOvo%2BU2aavBEwvxZoQ%3D%3D&trackingId=4ACa8x0Mfig5oXAUWOq6MA%3D%3D
company: Swiss Re
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
          Imagine this: a great start as a contracts professional with a chance to build on your contract drafting skills at a top global reinsurer. You would be working in our amazing Bangalore office, and alongside our other passionate team members of the Asia L&amp;H Contract Team to support markets across Asia. In terms of progression, the Contracts Support Associate role can evolve into a Junior Contracts Counsel position over time contingent on consistently strong performance and demonstrated understanding/application of reinsurance technical concepts and drafting capability of the candidate.<br/><br/><strong>About The Role<br/><br/></strong>You would work closely with other members of the Asia L&amp;H Contracts team, with your key responsibilities being to support the Junior Contracts Counsel/Reinsurance Contracts Counsels with less complex contract matters (involving drafting and review and assessment) for L&amp;H Reinsurance. This position would result in your gaining great exposure across a variety of L&amp;H Markets and to stakeholders across Asia.<br/><br/><strong>Other Responsibilities Of The Role Would Include<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Assisting in conducting contract portfolio analysis, contract research and reporting for L&amp;H business stakeholders. </li><li>Maintaining and updating contract tools and systems and provide contract status updates to L&amp;H business stakeholders. </li><li>Meeting expectations with respect to quality of contract and agreed turnaround times. </li><li>Contributing to Asia and Global projects, supporting development of new contract tools (including AI usage), systems and processes. </li><li>Adhering to all internal guidelines and contract processes while carrying out the above.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About The Team<br/><br/></strong>The L&amp;H Contracts team is a global team (almost 30 members), with presence in 9 countries (across US, Canada, LatAm, EMEA, UK, Asia and Australia).<br/><br/>The Asia L&amp;H Contracts Team currently has 6 team members based in our Bangalore office, 3 in Beijing and 1 based on Sydney. While our work days can be dynamic, challenging and fast-paced, maintaining a supportive and positive team environment is a top priority.<br/><br/><strong>Requisite Qualifications/competencies<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Legal training or recently completed law degree, with a maximum of six months professional work experience, preference would be given to those candidates who can demonstrate basic contract drafting experience. </li><li>Reasonable understanding of legal agreements and contract law.</li><li>Strong written and spoken English language skills.</li><li>Great face to face and written communication skills.</li><li>Client/Customer centric focus.</li><li>Open to build (re)insurance business knowledge.</li><li>Ability to prioritize and good attention to detail.</li><li>Competent in Excel, PowerPoint and Word and other Microsoft applications (AI and contract management tool expertise, a plus)</li><li>Interest in financial/insurance/reinsurance sector </li><li>Able to support Asia timings (start at approx. 7:00 AM India time).<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Swiss Re<br/><br/></strong>Swiss Re is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. We anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks, from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime. We cover both Property &amp; Casualty and Life &amp; Health. Combining experience with creative thinking and cutting-edge expertise, we create new opportunities and solutions for our clients. This is possible thanks to the collaboration of more than 14,000 employees across the world.<br/><br/>Our success depends on our ability to build an inclusive culture encouraging fresh perspectives and innovative thinking. We embrace a workplace where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and develop professionally regardless of their age, gender, race, ethnicity, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental ability, skillset, thought or other characteristics. In our inclusive and flexible environment everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and their passion for sustainability.<br/><br/>If you are an experienced professional returning to the workforce after a career break, we encourage you to apply for open positions that match your skills and experience.<br/><br/><strong>Keywords<br/><br/></strong><strong>Reference Code: </strong>131597
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>