---
title: Cyber Threat Intelligence Intern
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyber-threat-intelligence-intern-at-saptang-labs-4050807632?position=11&pageNum=0&refId=z4RP%2FQ6URa8ADUKeuEHpnQ%3D%3D&trackingId=Fqr4OM24BdrtzuOIGZq92g%3D%3D
company: Saptang Labs
location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
posted_date: 2024-10-17
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Key Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Threat Research: Work on researching emerging cyber threats specifically. You will monitor threat actor activities, study their tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and help identify potential risks.</li><li> Alert Triage and Incident Analysis: Support the analysis of security alerts generated by our in-house platform. You will work alongside the team to identify critical issues and provide timely<br/><br/></li></ul>intelligence to help mitigate threats.<br/><br/><ul><li> Data Collection and OSINT: Assist in gathering and analyzing data using Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) methodologies. You will help collect relevant information to support ongoing threat investigations.</li><li> Report Preparation: Contribute to the preparation of threat intelligence reports for internal and external stakeholders. You will learn how to convey complex technical information in a clear and<br/><br/></li></ul>actionable manner.<br/><br/><ul><li> SOP Development: Collaborate with the team to develop and refine Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for systematic threat analysis. Your input will help ensure that our procedures are efficient and scalable.</li><li> Cross-functional Collaboration: Work closely with various teams, including product development and data acquisition, to support the integration of new intelligence sources and improve the effectiveness of our threat intelligence platform.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Key Qualifications<br/><br/></strong>Educational Background: Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.<br/><br/>Basic Knowledge of Cybersecurity: A foundational understanding of cybersecurity concepts, including web application security, threat analysis, and vulnerability assessment.<br/><br/>Familiarity with OSINT: Basic knowledge of Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) tools and methodologies for data collection.<br/><br/>Technical Skills: Familiarity with scripting languages such as Python, Ruby, or GO is a plus.<br/><br/>Experience with automation and data analysis tools will be advantageous.<br/><br/>Communication Skills: Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to learn how to convey technical findings effectively.<br/><br/>Problem-Solving and Adaptability: A proactive attitude with strong problem-solving skills. You should be comfortable learning in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.<br/><br/><strong>Additional Skills<br/><br/></strong>Interest in Cybersecurity Challenges: Participation in bug bounty programs, Capture The Flag (CTF) challenges, or cybersecurity competitions is a plus.<br/><br/>Willingness to Learn: A keen interest in developing skills in threat intelligence, threat actor profiling, and behavioral analysis.<br/><br/>Skills:- OSINT, Cyber Security, Threat analysis, Vulnerability assessment and Malware analysis
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>