---
title: Senior Cyber Investigator
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-cyber-investigator-at-baker-hughes-4051119640?position=9&pageNum=5&refId=km7k4I33F05VNDSj4%2FI3%2BQ%3D%3D&trackingId=OcSsysxf%2BNz7%2FxdpN7n4Tg%3D%3D
company: Baker Hughes
location: Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-21
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Would you like to ensure the security of our global organization?<br/><br/></strong><strong>Do you enjoy being part of a successful team?<br/><br/></strong><strong>Join our Digital Technology Team!<br/><br/></strong>We operate at the heart of the digital transformation of our business. Our team is responsible for cybersecurity architecture and data protection for our global organization. From Digital Engineering to enabling employee success, the Digital Technology team provides premium products and services to our customers and employees.<br/><br/><strong>Partner with the best<br/><br/></strong>The Cybersecurity, Risk, and Compliance (CSRC) is home to the governance, architectural, and operational teams responsible for assessing and reducing business risk created by cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks. Our people are key to our success in driving down risk to enable Baker Hughes businesses to operate safely.<br/><br/><strong>As </strong><strong>Senior Cyber Investigator</strong><strong>, you will be responsible for:<br/><br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Conducting investigations relating to computer crime, internal investigations, data protection violations, or legal requirements</li><li>Recovering and investigating material found on digital devices and collecting evidence in a legally supportable way</li><li>Applying existing technologies, approaches, methodologies in new combinations to design new products, systems, or processes</li><li>Presenting projects plans, technical roadmaps, risks, and recommendations to senior business leaders</li><li>Communicating solutions across the function and with cross-functional partner organizations<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>To be successful in this role you will have:<br/><br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Have a minimum 5 years of experience as a Cyber-focused investigator</li><li>Have extensive experience in digital imaging and cyber forensic analysis</li><li>Have Strong work ethic and a proactive mindset with ability to think “outside of the box” to solve problems</li><li>Have Proven ability to work independently and without regular tasking or direction in completing key tasks and initiatives</li><li>Have Executive-level written and oral communication skills</li><li>Have a Bachelor’s Degree in Information Security, Business, Risk Management, Finance, Statistics or related field.</li><li>Have Knowledge of recognized IT Security-related standards and technologies</li><li>Have Experience in evidence collection, digital forensics, and report writing</li><li>Have Training in Information Security-specific disciplines with any of the following certifications: GCFE, GCFA, MCFE, other Cyber Investigation related.</li><li>Have eDiscovery preservation and related principles<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Work in a way that works for you<br/><br/></strong>We recognize that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns:<br/><br/><br/><ul><li>Work full-time from a Baker Hughes office in Mumbai or Bangalore</li><li>Sharing working time from a Baker Hughes office and working from home<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Working with us<br/><br/></strong>Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other.<br/><br/><strong>Working for you<br/><br/></strong>Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect:<br/><br/><br/><ul><li>Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities</li><li>Comprehensive private medical care options</li><li>Safety net of life insurance and disability programs</li><li>Tailored financial programs</li><li>Additional elected or voluntary benefits<br/><br/><br/></li></ul><strong>About Us:<br/><br/></strong>We are an energy technology company that provides solutions to energy and industrial customers worldwide. Built on a century of experience and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward – making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet.<br/><br/><strong>Join Us:<br/><br/></strong>Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company that values innovation and progress? Join us and become part of a team of people who will challenge and inspire you! Let’s come together and take energy forward.<br/><br/>Baker Hughes Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.<br/><br/><strong>R130208</strong>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>