---
title: Forensic Manager
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/forensic-manager-at-aline-hr-consultancy-4054368548?position=3&pageNum=2&refId=WaRXv89Fg5lz9wSRLXkvvw%3D%3D&trackingId=HYUesxxxB42aue2VmHfNjA%3D%3D
company: Aline HR Consultancy
location: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
posted_date: 2024-10-21
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Skills:<br/></strong>lead complex forensic investigations, advising clients on managing fraud risks and identifying areas of misconduct, develop innovative strategies and implement compliance frameworks to mitigate clients' risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations, build valuable client relationships and identify business development opportunities while staying up-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies to continuously innovate and drive growth., Collaborate and communicate effectively with other teams to integrate Forensic &amp; Integrity Services with other service lines., Successfully deliver engagements on-time and within budget while maintaining attention to detail and high-quality work,<br/><br/>We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Forensic Manager for Mumbai location.<br/><br/><strong>Job Overview<br/><br/></strong><strong>As a Forensic Manager, you will be responsible for leading complex forensic investigations, advising clients on managing fraud risks and identifying areas of misconduct, and developing innovative strategies to mitigate clients' risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations.<br/><br/></strong><strong>Qualifications And Skills<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Bachelor's degree in a relevant field.</li><li>4 to 6 years of experience in forensic investigations or related roles.</li><li>Proven track record of leading complex forensic investigations.</li><li>Strong understanding of fraud risks and misconduct identification.</li><li>Ability to develop and implement compliance frameworks.</li><li>Excellent business development and client relationship management skills.</li><li>Knowledge of industry trends and emerging technologies in forensic and compliance.</li><li>Strong communication and collaboration skills.</li><li>Attention to detail and ability to deliver high-quality work.<br/><br/></li></ul><strong>Roles And Responsibilities<br/><br/></strong><ul><li>Lead complex forensic investigations, including fraud and misconduct cases.</li><li>Advise clients on managing fraud risks and identifying areas of misconduct.</li><li>Develop innovative strategies and implement compliance frameworks to mitigate clients' risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations.</li><li>Build valuable client relationships and identify business development opportunities.</li><li>Stay up-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies to continuously innovate and drive growth.</li><li>Collaborate and communicate effectively with other teams to integrate Forensic &amp; Integrity Services with other service lines.</li><li>Deliver engagements on-time and within budget while maintaining attention to detail and high-quality work.<br/><br/></li></ul>Note:-<br/><br/>Interested candidate kindly forward updated resume urgently on hr@alinehrconsultancy.com OR DM me 9594108206.
        </div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>