---
title: SOC Manager
linkedin_url: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/soc-manager-at-talentahead-india-pvt-ltd-4056559218?position=45&pageNum=0&refId=z4RP%2FQ6URa8ADUKeuEHpnQ%3D%3D&trackingId=vkWRNI8JD8wgrMX%2FK8VKDg%3D%3D
company: TalentAhead India Pvt. Ltd.
location: Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
posted_date: 2024-10-22
---

<div class="description__text description__text--rich">
<section class="show-more-less-html" data-max-lines="5">
<div class="show-more-less-html__markup show-more-less-html__markup--clamp-after-5 relative overflow-hidden">
<strong>Job Summary<br/><br/></strong><ul><li> Develop and implement a threat detection and response strategy aligned with organizational cybersecurity goals.</li><li> Lead, mentor, and manage a team of cybersecurity analysts, threat hunters, and incident responders.</li><li> Stay updated on latest cybersecurity threats, trends, and technologies to enhance the MDR capabilities.</li><li> Oversee the design, implementation, and management of threat detection systems, including SIEM, EDR, NDR, and other advanced monitoring tools.</li><li> Develop and maintain threat detection rules, use cases, and playbooks.</li><li> Ensure continuous monitoring of network traffic, system logs, and other data sources to detect and investigate potential threats.</li><li> Lead the incident response team in the investigation and remediation of security incidents.</li><li> Coordinate with internal and external stakeholders during incident response activities.</li><li> Conduct post-incident reviews to improve incident response processes.</li><li> Manage the threat intelligence program to gather, analyze, and disseminate threat information.</li><li> Proactively hunt for threats using advanced threat hunting techniques and tools.</li><li> Collaborate with external threat intelligence sources and industry partners to enhance situational awareness.</li><li> Work closely with various stakeholders to ensure alignment of security measures with business objectives.</li><li> Communicate security risks, incidents, and mitigation strategies to leadership and other stakeholders.</li><li> Prepare and present reports on threat detection and response activities, metrics, and outcomes to senior management.</li><li> Manage and maintain documentation related to threat detection and response processes, incidents, and lessons learned.</li><li> Minimum 10 years of experience in cybersecurity with a focus on threat detection, incident response, and threat intelligence.</li><li> Proven experience leading and managing a cybersecurity team in a dynamic and complex environment.</li><li> Hands-on experience with advanced threat detection tools and technologies.</li><li> Strong understanding of cybersecurity threats, attack vectors, and mitigation strategies.</li><li> Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to act decisively under pressure.</li></ul>
</div>


<!-- --> </section>
</div>